 
 
 
 
 
 
Vendor: Amazon 
Exam Code: SAA-C03 
Exam Name: AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate 
(SAA-C03) Exam 
Version: 24.101 

Important Notice 
Product 
Our Product Manager keeps an eye for Exam updates by Vendors. Free update is available within 
One year after your purchase. 
You can login member center and download the latest product anytime. (Product downloaded 
from member center is always the latest.) 
PS: Ensure you can pass the exam, please check the latest product in 2-3 days before the exam 
again. 
Feedback 
We devote to promote the product quality and the grade of service to ensure customers interest.  
If you have any questions about our product, please provide Exam Number, Version, Page 
Number, Question Number, and your Login Account to us, please contact us at 
support@passleader.com  and our technical experts will provide support in 24 hours. 
Copyright 
The product of each order has its own encryption code, so you should use it independently.   
If anyone who share the file we will disable the free update and account access.  
Any unauthorized changes will be inflicted legal punishment. We will reserve the right of final 
explanation for this statement. 
Order ID:         **************** 
PayPal Name: **************** 
PayPal ID:        **************** 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
2 
QUESTION 1 
A company has a website hosted on AWS The website is behind an Application Load Balancer 
(ALB) that is configured to handle HTTP and HTTPS separately. The company wants to forward 
all requests to the website so that the requests will use HTTPS. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Update the ALB's network ACL to accept only HTTPS traffic 
B. Create a rule that replaces the HTTP in the URL with HTTPS. 
C. Create a listener rule on the ALB to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS. 
D. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer configured to use Server Name Indication 
(SNI). 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
To redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS, a solutions architect should create a listener rule on the ALB 
to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS. Option A is not correct because network ACLs do not have the 
ability to redirect traffic. Option B is not correct because it does not redirect traffic, it only replaces 
the URL. Option D is not correct because a Network Load Balancer does not have the ability to 
handle HTTPS traffic. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fr_fr/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/create-https-
listener.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/fr/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/elb-redirect-http-to-https-using-alb/ 
 
 
QUESTION 2 
A company is developing a two-tier web application on AWS. The company's developers have 
deployed the application on an Amazon EC2 instance that connects directly to a backend 
Amazon RDS database. The company must not hardcode database credentials in the application. 
The company must also implement a solution to automatically rotate the database credentials on 
a regular basis. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Store the database credentials in the instance metadata.  
Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rules to run a scheduled AWS Lambda 
function that updates the RDS credentials and instance metadata at the same time. 
B. Store the database credentials in a configuration file in an encrypted Amazon S3 bucket.  
Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rules to run a scheduled AWS Lambda 
function that updates the RDS credentials and the credentials in the configuration file at the 
same time.  
Use S3 Versioning to ensure the ability to fall back to previous values. 
C. Store the database credentials as a secret in AWS Secrets Manager.  
Turn on automatic rotation for the secret.  
Attach the required permission to the EC2 role to grant access to the secret. 
D. Store the database credentials as encrypted parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter 
Store.  
Turn on automatic rotation for the encrypted parameters. 
Attach the required permission to the EC2 role to grant access to the encrypted parameters. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Secrets manager supports Autorotation unlike Parameter store. 
AWS Secrets Manager is a service that enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve 
database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle. By storing the 
database credentials as a secret in Secrets Manager, you can ensure that they are not 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
3 
hardcoded in the application and that they are automatically rotated on a regular basis. To grant 
the EC2 instance access to the secret, you can attach the required permission to the EC2 role. 
This will allow the application to retrieve the secret from Secrets Manager as needed. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/create_database_secret.html 
 
 
QUESTION 3 
A company is deploying a new public web application to AWS. The application will run behind an 
Application Load Balancer (ALB).  
The application needs to be encrypted at the edge with an SSL/TLS certificate that is issued by 
an external certificate authority (CA). 
The certificate must be rotated each year before the certificate expires. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate.  
Apply the certificate to the ALB.  
Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate. 
B. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate.  
Import the key material from the certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALB.  
Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate. 
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) Private Certificate Authority to issue an SSL/TLS 
certificate from the root CA.  
Apply the certificate to the ALB.  
Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate. 
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to import an SSL/TLS certificate. 
Apply the certificate to the ALB.  
Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send a notification when the 
certificate is nearing expiration.  
Rotate the certificate manually. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
ACM does not manage the renewal process for imported certificates. You are responsible for 
monitoring the expiration date of your imported certificates and for renewing them before they 
expire. 
Check this question on the link below: 
Q: What types of certificates can I create and manage with ACM? 
https://www.amazonaws.cn/en/certificate-manager/faqs/#Managed_renewal_and_deployment 
 
 
QUESTION 4 
A company runs its infrastructure on AWS and has a registered base of 700,000 users for its 
document management application. The company intends to create a product that converts 
large .pdf files to .jpg image files. The .pdf files average 5 MB in size. The company needs to 
store the original files and the converted files. A solutions architect must design a scalable 
solution to accommodate demand that will grow rapidly over time. 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Save the .pdf files to Amazon S3.  
Configure an S3 PUT event to invoke an AWS Lambda function to convert the files to .jpg 
format and store them back in Amazon S3. 
B. Save the .pdf files to Amazon DynamoDUse the DynamoDB Streams feature to invoke an AWS 
Lambda function to convert the files to .jpg format and store them back in DynamoDB. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
4 
C. Upload the .pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2 
instances, Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage, and an Auto Scaling group.  
Use a program in the EC2 instances to convert the files to .jpg format. Save the .pdf files and 
the .jpg files in the EBS store. 
D. Upload the .pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2 
instances, Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) storage, and an Auto Scaling group.  
Use a program in the EC2 instances to convert the file to .jpg format. Save the .pdf files and 
the .jpg files in the EBS store. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Elastic BeanStalk is expensive, and DocumentDB has a 400KB max to upload files. So Lambda 
and S3 should be the one. 
 
 
QUESTION 5 
A company has more than 5 TB of file data on Windows file servers that run on premises. Users 
and applications interact with the data each day. 
The company is moving its Windows workloads to AWS. As the company continues this process, 
the company requires access to AWS and on-premises file storage with minimum latency. The 
company needs a solution that minimizes operational overhead and requires no significant 
changes to the existing file access patterns. The company uses an AWS Site-to-Site VPN 
connection for connectivity to AWS. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS.  
Move the on-premises file data to FSx for Windows File Server.  
Reconfigure the workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. 
B. Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises. 
Move the on-premises file data to the S3 File Gateway. 
Reconfigure the on-premises workloads and the cloud workloads to use the S3 File Gateway 
C. Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises. 
Move the on-premises file data to Amazon S3. 
Reconfigure the workloads to use either Amazon S3 directly or the S3 File Gateway, depending 
on each workload's location. 
D. Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS.  
Deploy and configure an Amazon FSx File Gateway on premises. 
Move the on-premises file data to the FSx File Gateway. 
Configure the cloud workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. 
Configure the on-premises workloads to use the FSx File Gateway. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon FSx File Gateway (FSx File Gateway) is a new File Gateway type that provides low 
latency and efficient access to in-cloud FSx for Windows File Server file shares from your on-
premises facility. If you maintain on-premises file storage because of latency or bandwidth 
requirements, you can instead use FSx File Gateway for seamless access to fully managed, 
highly reliable, and virtually unlimited Windows file shares provided in the AWS Cloud by FSx for 
Windows File Server. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/filegateway/latest/filefsxw/what-is-file-fsxw.html 
 
 
QUESTION 6 
A hospital recently deployed a RESTful API with Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. The 
hospital uses API Gateway and Lambda to upload reports that are in PDF format and JPEG 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
5 
format. The hospital needs to modify the Lambda code to identify protected health information 
(PHI) in the reports. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational 
overhead? 
 
A. Use existing Python libraries to extract the text from the reports and to identify the PHI from the 
extracted text. 
B. Use Amazon Textract to extract the text from the reports.  
Use Amazon SageMaker to identify the PHI from the extracted text. 
C. Use Amazon Textract to extract the text from the reports.  
Use Amazon Comprehend Medical to identify the PHI from the extracted text. 
D. Use Amazon Rekognition to extract the text from the reports.  
Use Amazon Comprehend Medical to identify the PHI from the extracted text. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Using Amazon Textract to extract the text from the reports, and Amazon Comprehend Medical to 
identify the PHI from the extracted text, would be the most efficient solution as it would involve the 
least operational overhead. Textract is specifically designed for extracting text from documents, 
and Comprehend Medical is a fully managed service that can accurately identify PHI in medical 
text. This solution would require minimal maintenance and would not incur any additional costs 
beyond the usage fees for Textract and Comprehend Medical. 
 
 
QUESTION 7 
A company has an application that generates a large number of files, each approximately 5 MB in 
size. The files are stored in Amazon S3. Company policy requires the files to be stored for 4 
years before they can be deleted. Immediate accessibility is always required as the files contain 
critical business data that is not easy to reproduce. The files are frequently accessed in the first 
30 days of the object creation but are rarely accessed after the first 30 days. 
Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective? 
 
A. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move Mm from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier 30 days from 
object creation. 
Delete the Tiles 4 years after object creation 
B. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move tiles from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-infrequent 
Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 30 days from object creation.  
Delete the fees 4 years after object creation 
C. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3 
Standard -lA) 30 from object creation.  
Delete the ties 4 years after object creation 
D. Create an S3 bucket Lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent 
Access (S3 Standard-IA) 30 days from object creation. 
Move the files to S3 Glacier 4 years after object carton. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Immediate accessibility is always required as the files contain critical business data that is not 
easy to reproduce. 
If they do not explicitly mention that they are using Glacier Instant Retrieval, we should assume 
that Glacier -> takes more time to retrieve and may not meet the requirements. 
 
 
QUESTION 8 
A company hosts an application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes 
messages from an Amazon SQS queue writes to an Amazon RDS table and deletes the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
6 
message from the queue Occasional duplicate records are found in the RDS table. The SQS 
queue does not contain any duplicate messages. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to ensure messages are being processed once only? 
 
A. Use the CreateQueue API call to create a new queue 
B. Use the Add Permission API call to add appropriate permissions 
C. Use the ReceiveMessage API call to set an appropriate wail time 
D. Use the ChangeMessageVisibility APi call to increase the visibility timeout 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The visibility timeout begins when Amazon SQS returns a message. During this time, the 
consumer processes and deletes the message. However, if the consumer fails before deleting the 
message and your system doesn't call the DeleteMessage action for that message before the 
visibility timeout expires, the message becomes visible to other consumers and the message is 
received again. If a message must be received only once, your consumer should delete it within 
the duration of the visibility timeout. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-
visibility-timeout.html 
 
Keyword: SQS queue writes to an Amazon RDS From this, Option D best suite &amp; other 
Options ruled out [Option A -You can't intruduce one more Queue in the existing one; Option B - 
only Permission &amp; Option C -Only Retrieves Messages] FIF O queues are designed to never 
introduce duplicate messages. However, your message producer might introduce duplicates in 
certain scenarios: for example, if the producer sends a message, does not receive a response, 
and then resends the same message. Amazon SQS APIs provide deduplication functionality that 
prevents your message producer from sending duplicates. Any duplicates introduced by the 
message producer are removed within a 5-minute deduplication interval. For standard queues, 
you might occasionally receive a duplicate copy of a message (at-least-once delivery). If you use 
a standard queue, you must design your applications to be idempotent (that is, they must not be 
affected adversely when processing the same message more than once). 
 
 
QUESTION 9 
A solutions architect is designing a new hybrid architecture to extend a company s on-premises 
infrastructure to AWS. The company requires a highly available connection with consistent low 
latency to an AWS Region. The company needs to minimize costs and is willing to accept slower 
traffic if the primary connection fails. 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. 
Provision a VPN connection as a backup if the primary Direct Connect connection fails. 
B. Provision a VPN tunnel connection to a Region for private connectivity.  
Provision a second VPN tunnel for private connectivity and as a backup if the primary VPN 
connection fails. 
C. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. 
Provision a second Direct Connect connection to the same Region as a backup if the primary 
Direct Connect connection fails. 
D. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. 
Use the Direct Connect failover attribute from the AWS CLI to automatically create a backup 
connection if the primary Direct Connect connection fails. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
7 
"In some cases, this connection alone is not enough. It is always better to guarantee a fallback 
connection as the backup of DX. There are several options, but implementing it with an AWS 
Site-To-Site VPN is a real cost-effective solution that can be exploited to reduce costs or, in the 
meantime, wait for the setup of a second DX." 
https://www.proud2becloud.com/hybrid-cloud-networking-backup-aws-direct-connect-network-
connection-with-aws-site-to-site-vpn/ 
 
 
QUESTION 10 
A company is running a business-critical web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an 
Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group. The application 
uses an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database that is deployed in a single Availability Zone. The 
company wants the application to be highly available with minimum downtime and minimum loss 
of data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational effort? 
 
A. Place the EC2 instances in different AWS Regions.  
Use Amazon Route 53 health checks to redirect traffic.  
Use Aurora PostgreSQL Cross-Region Replication. 
B. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use multiple Availability Zones.  
Configure the database as Multi-AZ.  
Configure an Amazon RDS Proxy instance for the database. 
C. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use one Availability Zone.  
Generate hourly snapshots of the database.  
Recover the database from the snapshots in the event of a failure. 
D. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use multiple AWS Regions.  
Write the data from the application to Amazon S3.  
Use S3 Event Notifications to launch an AWS Lambda function to write the data to the 
database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
By configuring the Auto Scaling group to use multiple Availability Zones, the application will be 
able to continue running even if one Availability Zone goes down. Configuring the database as 
Multi-AZ will also ensure that the database remains available in the event of a failure in one 
Availability Zone. Using an Amazon RDS Proxy instance for the database will allow the 
application to automatically route traffic to healthy database instances, further increasing the 
availability of the application. This solution will meet the requirements for high availability with 
minimal operational effort. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/rds-proxy.html 
 
 
QUESTION 11 
A company's HTTP application is behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The NLB's target group 
is configured to use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with multiple EC2 instances that run the 
web service. 
 
The company notices that the NLB is not detecting HTTP errors for the application. These errors 
require a manual restart of the EC2 instances that run the web service. The company needs to 
improve the application's availability without writing custom scripts or code. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable HTTP health checks on the NLB. supplying the URL of the company's application. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
8 
B. Add a cron job to the EC2 instances to check the local application's logs once each minute.  
If HTTP errors are detected, the application will restart. 
C. Replace the NLB with an Application Load Balancer.  
Enable HTTP health checks by supplying the URL of the company's application.  
Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances. 
D. Create an Amazon Cloud Watch alarm that monitors the UnhealthyHostCount metric for the 
NLB. 
Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances when the alarm is in the 
ALARM state. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
NLB does not handle HTTP (layer 7) listerns errors only TCP (layer 4) listeners. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/environments-cfg-nlb.html 
 
 
QUESTION 12 
A company runs a shopping application that uses Amazon DynamoDB to store customer 
information. In case of data corruption, a solutions architect needs to design a solution that meets 
a recovery point objective (RPO) of 15 minutes and a recovery time objective (RTO) of 1 hour. 
 
What should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure DynamoDB global tables.  
For RPO recovery, point the application to a different AWS Region. 
B. Configure DynamoDB point-in-time recovery.  
For RPO recovery, restore to the desired point in time. 
C. Export the DynamoDB data to Amazon S3 Glacier on a daily basis.  
For RPO recovery, import the data from S3 Glacier to DynamoDB. 
D. Schedule Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots for the DynamoDB table every 
15 minutes.  
For RPO recovery, restore the DynamoDB table by using the EBS snapshot. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Point in Time Recovery is designed as a continuous backup juts to recover it fast. It covers 
perfectly the RPO, and probably the RTO. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/PointInTimeRecovery.ht
ml 
 
 
QUESTION 13 
A company runs a photo processing application that needs to frequently upload and download 
pictures from Amazon S3 buckets that are located in the same AWS Region. A solutions architect 
has noticed an increased cost in data transfer fees and needs to implement a solution to reduce 
these costs. 
 
How can the solutions architect meet this requirement? 
 
A. Deploy Amazon API Gateway into a public subnet and adjust the route table to route S3 calls 
through It. 
B. Deploy a NAT gateway into a public subnet and attach an end point policy that allows access to 
the S3 buckets. 
C. Deploy the application Into a public subnet and allow it to route through an internet gateway to 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
9 
access the S3 Buckets 
D. Deploy an S3 VPC gateway endpoint into the VPC and attach an endpoint policy that allows 
access to the S3 buckets. 
 
Explanation: 
By deploying an S3 VPC gateway endpoint, the application can access the S3 buckets over a 
private network connection within the VPC, eliminating the need for data transfer over the 
internet. This can help reduce data transfer fees as well as improve the performance of the 
application. The endpoint policy can be used to specify which S3 buckets the application has 
access to. 
 
 
QUESTION 14 
A company recently launched Linux-based application instances on Amazon EC2 in a private 
subnet and launched a Linux-based bastion host on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet 
of a VPC. A solutions architect needs to connect from the on-premises network, through the 
company's internet connection, to the bastion host, and to the application servers. The solutions 
architect must make sure that the security groups of all the EC2 instances will allow that access. 
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access 
from the application instances 
B. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access 
from the internal IP range for the company 
C. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access 
from the external IP range for the company 
D. Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound 
SSH access from only the private IP address of the bastion host 
E. Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound 
SSH access from only the public IP address of the bastion host 
 
Answer: CD 
Explanation: 
C because from on-prem network to bastion through internet (using on-prem resource's public 
IP). 
D because bastion and ec2 is in same VPC, meaning bastion can communicate to EC2 via it's 
private IP address. 
 
 
QUESTION 15 
A solutions architect is designing a two-tier web application. The application consists of a public-
facing web tier hosted on Amazon EC2 in public subnets. The database tier consists of Microsoft 
SQL Server running on Amazon EC2 in a private subnet. Security is a high priority for the 
company. 
How should security groups be configured in this situation? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. 
B. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow outbound traffic on port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. 
C. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow inbound traffic on port 1433 from the 
security group for the web tier. 
D. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow outbound traffic on ports 443 and 
1433 to the security group for the web tier. 
E. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow inbound traffic on ports 443 and 1433 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
10 
from the security group for the web tier. 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
"Security groups create an outbound rule for every inbound rule." Not completely right. Statefull 
does NOT mean that if you create an inbound (or outbound) rule, it will create an outbound (or 
inbound) rule. What it does mean is: suppose you create an inbound rule on port 443 for the X ip. 
When a request enters on port 443 from X ip, it will allow traffic out for that request in the port 
443. However, if you look at the outbound rules, there will not be any outbound rule on port 443 
unless explicitly create it. In ACLs, which are stateless, you would have to create an inbound rule 
to allow incoming requests and an outbound rule to allow your application responds to those 
incoming requests. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html#SecurityGroupRul
es 
 
 
QUESTION 16 
A company wants to move a multi-tiered application from on premises to the AWS Cloud to 
improve the application's performance. The application consists of application tiers that 
communicate with each other by way of RESTful services. Transactions are dropped when one 
tier becomes overloaded. A solutions architect must design a solution that resolves these issues 
and modernizes the application. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient? 
 
A. Use Amazon API Gateway and direct transactions to the AWS Lambda functions as the 
application layer.  
Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) as the communication layer between 
application services. 
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to analyze the application performance history to determine 
the server's peak utilization during the performance failures.  
Increase the size of the application server's Amazon EC2 instances to meet the peak 
requirements. 
C. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to handle the messaging between 
application servers running on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group.  
Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the SNS queue length and scale up and down as required. 
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to handle the messaging between 
application servers running on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group.  
Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the SQS queue length and scale up when communication 
failures are detected. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Lambda = serverless + autoscale (modernize), SQS= decouple (no more drops) 
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/build-serverless-web-app-lambda-apigateway-
s3-dynamodb-cognito/module-4/ 
 
 
QUESTION 17 
A company receives 10 TB of instrumentation data each day from several machines located at a 
single factory. The data consists of JSON files stored on a storage area network (SAN) in an on-
premises data center located within the factory. The company wants to send this data to Amazon 
S3 where it can be accessed by several additional systems that provide critical near-real-lime 
analytics.  
A secure transfer is important because the data is considered sensitive.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
11 
Which solution offers the MOST reliable data transfer? 
 
A. AWS DataSync over public internet 
B. AWS DataSync over AWS Direct Connect 
C. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) over public internet 
D. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) over AWS Direct Connect 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
These are some of the main use cases for AWS DataSync:  
- Data migration 
- Move active datasets rapidly over the network into Amazon S3, Amazon EFS, or FSx for 
Windows File Server.  
DataSync includes automatic encryption and data integrity validation to help make sure that your 
data arrives securely, intact, and ready to use. 
DataSync includes encryption and integrity validation to help make sure your data arrives 
securely, intact, and ready to use. 
https://aws.amazon.com/datasync/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 18 
A company needs to configure a real-time data ingestion architecture for its application. The 
company needs an API, a process that transforms data as the data is streamed, and a storage 
solution for the data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to an Amazon Kinesis data 
stream. 
Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as 
a data source.  
Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data.  
Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to send the data to Amazon S3. 
B. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to AWS Glue.  
Stop source/destination checking on the EC2 instance.  
Use AWS Glue to transform the data and to send the data to Amazon S3. 
C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream.  
Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as 
a data source.  
Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data.  
Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to send the data to Amazon S3. 
D. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to AWS Glue.  
Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data.  
Use AWS Glue to send the data to Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
It uses fully managed services for the API, data transformation, and data delivery, which 
minimizes operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 19 
A company needs to keep user transaction data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. 
The company must retain the data for 7 years. 
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
12 
 
A. Use DynamoDB point-in-time recovery to back up the table continuously. 
B. Use AWS Backup to create backup schedules and retention policies for the table. 
C. Create an on-demand backup of the table by using the DynamoDB console.  
Store the backup in an Amazon S3 bucket.  
Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket. 
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to invoke an AWS Lambda 
function.  
Configure the Lambda function to back up the table and to store the backup in an Amazon S3 
bucket.  
Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
We recommend you use AWS Backup to automatically delete the backups that you no longer 
need by configuring your lifecycle when you created your backup plan. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/deleting-backups.html 
 
 
QUESTION 20 
A company is planning to use an Amazon DynamoDB table for data storage. The company is 
concerned about cost optimization. The table will not be used on most mornings. In the evenings, 
the read and write traffic will often be unpredictable. When traffic spikes occur, they will happen 
very quickly. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Create a DynamoDB table in on-demand capacity mode. 
B. Create a DynamoDB table with a global secondary index. 
C. Create a DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity and auto scaling. 
D. Create a DynamoDB table in provisioned capacity mode, and configure it as a global table. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
On-demand mode is a good option if any of the following are true: 
- You create new tables with unknown workloads. 
- You have unpredictable application traffic. 
- You prefer the ease of paying for only what you use. 
 
 
QUESTION 21 
A company recently signed a contract with an AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partner for 
help with an application migration initiative. A solutions architect needs to share an Amazon 
Machine Image (AMI) from an existing AWS account with the MSP Partner's AWS account. The 
AMI is backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) and uses a customer managed 
customer master key (CMK) to encrypt EBS volume snapshots. 
What is the MOST secure way for the solutions architect to share the AMI with the MSP Partner's 
AWS account? 
 
A. Make the encrypted AMI and snapshots publicly available.  
Modify the CMK's key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key 
B. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI.  
Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only.  
Modify the CMK's key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
13 
C. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. 
Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only.  
Modify the CMK's key policy to trust a new CMK that is owned by the MSP Partner for 
encryption. 
D. Export the AMI from the source account to an Amazon S3 bucket in the MSP Partner's AWS 
account. 
Encrypt the S3 bucket with a CMK that is owned by the MSP Partner. 
Copy and launch the AMI in the MSP Partner's AWS account. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Share the existing KMS key with the MSP external account because it has already been used to 
encrypt the AMI snapshot. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policy-modifying-external-
accounts.html 
 
 
QUESTION 22 
A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a new application being deployed on 
AWS. The process should run in parallel while adding and removing application nodes as needed 
based on the number of jobs to be processed. The processor application is stateless. The 
solutions architect must ensure that the application is loosely coupled and the job items are 
durably stored. 
 
Which design should the solutions architect use? 
 
A. Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. 
Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. 
Create a launch configuration that uses the AMI. 
Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration. 
Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on CPU 
usage. 
B. Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed.  
Create an Amazon Machine image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. 
Create a launch configuration that uses the AMI.  
Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration.  
Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on network 
usage. 
C. Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that needs to be processed. 
Create an Amazon Machine image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. 
Create a launch template that uses the AMI. 
Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template. 
Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the 
number of items in the SQS queue. 
D. Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. 
Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. 
Create a launch template that uses the AMI. 
Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template. 
Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the 
number of messages published to the SNS topic 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
"Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that needs to be processed. Create an Amazon 
EC2 Auto Scaling group for the compute application. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
14 
group to add and remove nodes based on the number of items in the SQS queue" 
In this case we need to find a durable and loosely coupled solution for storing jobs. Amazon SQS 
is ideal for this use case and can be configured to use dynamic scaling based on the number of 
jobs waiting in the queue.To configure this scaling you can use the backlog per instance metric 
with the target value being the acceptable backlog per instance to maintain. You can calculate 
these numbers as follows: Backlog per instance: To calculate your backlog per instance, start 
with the ApproximateNumberOfMessages queue attribute to determine the length of the SQS 
queue 
 
 
QUESTION 23 
A company hosts its web applications in the AWS Cloud. The company configures Elastic Load 
Balancers to use certificate that are imported into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). The 
company's security team must be notified 30 days before the expiration of each certificate.  
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet the requirement? 
 
A. Add a rule in ACM to publish a custom message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic every day beginning 30 days before any certificate will expire. 
B. Create an AWS Config rule that checks for certificates that will expire within 30 days.  
Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke a custom alert by way 
of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) when AWS Config reports a 
noncompliant resource 
C. Use AWS trusted Advisor to check for certificates that will expire within to days.  
Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is based on Trusted Advisor metrics for check status 
changes. 
Configure the alarm to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple rectification Service 
(Amazon SNS) 
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to detect any certificates 
that will expire within 30 days.  
Configure the rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function.  
Configure the Lambda function to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification 
Service (Amazon SNS). 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/acm-certificate-expiration/ 
 
 
QUESTION 24 
A company's dynamic website is hosted using on-premises servers in the United States. The 
company is launching its product in Europe, and it wants to optimize site loading times for new 
European users. The site's backend must remain in the United States. The product is being 
launched in a few days, and an immediate solution is needed. 
 
What should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in us-east-1 and migrate the site to it. 
B. Move the website to Amazon S3. Use cross-Region replication between Regions. 
C. Use Amazon CloudFront with a custom origin pointing to the on-premises servers. 
D. Use an Amazon Route 53 geo-proximity routing policy pointing to on-premises servers. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/blogs/aws/amazon-cloudfront-support-for-custom-origins/ 
You can now create a CloudFront distribution using a custom origin. Each distribution will can 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
15 
point to an S3 or to a custom origin. This could be another storage service, or it could be 
something more interesting and more dynamic, such as an EC2 instance or even an Elastic Load 
Balancer. 
 
 
QUESTION 25 
A company wants to reduce the cost of its existing three-tier web architecture. The web, 
application, and database servers are running on Amazon EC2 instances for the development, 
test, and production environments. The EC2 instances average 30% CPU utilization during peak 
hours and 10% CPU utilization during non-peak hours. 
 
The production EC2 instances run 24 hours a day. The development and test EC2 instances run 
for at least 8 hours each day. The company plans to implement automation to stop the 
development and test EC2 instances when they are not in use. 
 
Which EC2 instance purchasing solution will meet the company's requirements MOST cost-
effectively? 
 
A. Use Spot Instances for the production EC2 instances.  
Use Reserved Instances for the development and test EC2 instances. 
B. Use Reserved Instances for the production EC2 instances.  
Use On-Demand Instances for the development and test EC2 instances. 
C. Use Spot blocks for the production EC2 instances.  
Use Reserved Instances for the development and test EC2 instances. 
D. Use On-Demand Instances for the production EC2 instances.  
Use Spot blocks for the development and test EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Spot blocks are not longer available, and you can't use spot instances on Prod machines 24x7. 
 
 
QUESTION 26 
A company has a production web application in which users upload documents through a web 
interlace or a mobile app. 
 According to a new regulatory requirement, new documents cannot be modified or deleted after 
they are stored. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning and S3 Object Lock 
enabled 
B. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket.  
Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to archive the documents periodically. 
C. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled. 
Configure an ACL to restrict all access to read-only. 
D. Store the uploaded documents on an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. 
Access the data by mounting the volume in read-only mode. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can use S3 Object Lock to store objects using a write-once-read-many (WORM) model. 
Object Lock can help prevent objects from being deleted or overwritten for a fixed amount of time 
or indefinitely. You can use S3 Object Lock to meet regulatory requirements that require WORM 
storage, or add an extra layer of protection against object changes and deletion. 
Versioning is required and automatically activated as Object Lock is enabled. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
16 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock-overview.html 
 
 
QUESTION 27 
A company has several web servers that need to frequently access a common Amazon RDS 
MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. The company wants a secure method for the web servers to 
connect to the database while meeting a security requirement to rotate user credentials 
frequently. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Store the database user credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. 
Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to access AWS Secrets 
Manager. 
B. Store the database user credentials in AWS Systems Manager OpsCenter. 
Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to access OpsCenter. 
C. Store the database user credentials in a secure Amazon S3 bucket. 
Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to retrieve credentials and 
access the database. 
D. Store the database user credentials in files encrypted with AWS Key Management Service 
(AWS KMS) on the web server file system. The web server should be able to decrypt the files 
and access the database. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Secrets Manager enables you to replace hardcoded credentials in your code, including 
passwords, with an API call to Secrets Manager to retrieve the secret programmatically. This 
helps ensure the secret can't be compromised by someone examining your code, because the 
secret no longer exists in the code. Also, you can configure Secrets Manager to automatically 
rotate the secret for you according to a specified schedule. This enables you to replace long-term 
secrets with short-term ones, significantly reducing the risk of compromise. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/intro.html 
 
 
QUESTION 28 
A company hosts an application on AWS Lambda functions mat are invoked by an Amazon API 
Gateway API. The Lambda functions save customer data to an Amazon Aurora MySQL 
database. Whenever the company upgrades the database, the Lambda functions fail to establish 
database connections until the upgrade is complete. The result is that customer data Is not 
recorded for some of the event. 
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that stores customer data that is created during 
database upgrades. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Provision an Amazon RDS proxy to sit between the Lambda functions and the database.  
Configure the Lambda functions to connect to the RDS proxy. 
B. Increase the run time of me Lambda functions to the maximum.  
Create a retry mechanism in the code that stores the customer data in the database. 
C. Persist the customer data to Lambda local storage.  
Configure new Lambda functions to scan the local storage to save the customer data to the 
database. 
D. Store the customer data in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) FIFO queue.  
Create a new Lambda function that polls the queue and stores the customer data in the 
database. 
 
Answer: D 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
17 
Explanation: 
SQS maintains the data if the lambda function fails, RDS Proxy just reuses db connections for 
performance. 
 
 
QUESTION 29 
A survey company has gathered data for several years from areas m\ the United States. The 
company hosts the data in an Amazon S3 bucket that is 3 TB in size and growing. The company 
has started to share the data with a European marketing firm that has S3 buckets. The company 
wants to ensure that its data transfer costs remain as low as possible. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the Requester Pays feature on the company's S3 bucket 
B. Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication from the company's S3 bucket to one of the marketing 
firm's S3 buckets. 
C. Configure cross-account access for the marketing firm so that the marketing firm has access to 
the company's S3 bucket. 
D. Configure the company's S3 bucket to use S3 Intelligent-Tiering Sync the S3 bucket to one of 
the marketing firm's S3 buckets 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Typically, you configure buckets to be Requester Pays buckets when you want to share data but 
not incur charges associated with others accessing the data. For example, you might use 
Requester Pays buckets when making available large datasets, such as zip code directories, 
reference data, geospatial information, or web crawling data. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/RequesterPaysBuckets.html 
 
 
QUESTION 30 
A company uses Amazon S3 to store its confidential audit documents. The S3 bucket uses 
bucket policies to restrict access to audit team IAM user credentials according to the principle of 
least privilege. Company managers are worried about accidental deletion of documents in the S3 
bucket and want a more secure solution. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to secure the audit documents? 
 
A. Enable the versioning and MFA Delete features on the S3 bucket. 
B. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) on the IAM user credentials for each audit team IAM 
user account. 
C. Add an S3 Lifecycle policy to the audit team's IAM user accounts to deny the s3:DeleteObject 
action during audit dates. 
D. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to encrypt the S3 bucket and restrict audit 
team IAM user accounts from accessing the KMS key. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
This will secure the audit documents by providing an additional layer of protection against 
accidental deletion. With versioning enabled, any deleted or overwritten objects in the S3 bucket 
will be preserved as previous versions, allowing the company to recover them if needed. With 
MFA Delete enabled, any delete request made to the S3 bucket will require the use of an MFA 
code, which provides an additional layer of security. 
 
 
QUESTION 31 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
18 
A company is using a SQL database to store movie data that is publicly accessible. The database 
runs on an Amazon RDS Single-AZ DB instance. A script runs queries at random intervals each 
day to record the number of new movies that have been added to the database. The script must 
report a final total during business hours. The company's development team notices that the 
database performance is inadequate for development tasks when the script is running. A 
solutions architect must recommend a solution to resolve this issue.  
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Modify the DB instance to be a Multi-AZ deployment 
B. Create a read replica of the database.  
Configure the script to query only the read replica. 
C. Instruct the development team to manually export the entries in the database at the end of each 
day 
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache the common queries that the script runs against the 
database 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Elasti Cache if for reading common results. The script is looking for new movies added. Read 
replica would be the best choice. 
 
 
QUESTION 32 
A company has applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances in a VPC. One of the applications 
needs to call the Amazon S3 API to store and read objects. According to the company's security 
regulations, no traffic from the applications is allowed to travel across the internet. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an S3 interface endpoint. 
B. Configure an S3 gateway endpoint. 
C. Create an S3 bucket in a private subnet. 
D. Create an S3 bucket in the same Region as the EC2 instance. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Gateway endpoints provide reliable connectivity to Amazon S3 and DynamoDB without requiring 
an internet gateway or a NAT device for your VPC.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/gateway-endpoints.html 
 
 
QUESTION 33 
A company is storing sensitive user information in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to 
provide secure access to this bucket from the application tier running on Amazon EC2 instances 
inside a VPC. 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to accomplish this? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure a VPC gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 within the VPC 
B. Create a bucket policy to make the objects to the S3 bucket public 
C. Create a bucket policy that limits access to only the application tier running in the VPC 
D. Create an IAM user with an S3 access policy and copy the IAM credentials to the EC2 instance 
E. Create a NAT instance and have the EC2 instances use the NAT instance to access the S3 
bucket 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
19 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/s3-private-connection-no-
authentication/ 
 
 
QUESTION 34 
A company runs an on-premises application that is powered by a MySQL database. The 
company is migrating the application to AWS to Increase the application's elasticity and 
availability. The current architecture shows heavy read activity on the database during times of 
normal operation. Every 4 hours the company's development team pulls a full export of the 
production database to populate a database in the staging environment. During this period, users 
experience unacceptable application latency. The development team is unable to use the staging 
environment until the procedure completes. 
A solutions architect must recommend replacement architecture that alleviates the application 
latency issue.  
The replacement architecture also must give the development team the ability to continue using 
the staging environment without delay. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production.  
Populate the staging database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the 
mysqldump utility. 
B. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. 
Use database cloning to create the staging database on-demand 
C. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Mufti AZ deployment and read replicas for production. 
Use the standby instance tor the staging database. 
D. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. 
Populate the staging database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the 
mysqldump utility. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
To alleviate the application latency issue, the recommended solution is to use Amazon Aurora 
MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production, and use database cloning to create the 
staging database on-demand. This allows the development team to continue using the staging 
environment without delay, while also providing elasticity and availability for the production 
application. 
 
 
QUESTION 35 
A company is preparing to store confidential data in Amazon S3. For compliance reasons the 
data must be encrypted at rest Encryption key usage must be logged tor auditing purposes. Keys 
must be rotated every year. 
Which solution meets these requirements and the MOST operationally efferent? 
 
A. Server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) 
B. Server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) 
C. Server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS) customer master keys (CMKs) with manual 
rotation 
D. Server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS) customer master keys (CMKs) with 
automate rotation 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
20 
When you enable automatic key rotation for a customer managed key, AWS KMS generates new 
cryptographic material for the KMS key every year. AWS KMS also saves the KMS key's older 
cryptographic material in perpetuity so it can be used to decrypt data that the KMS key encrypted. 
Key rotation in AWS KMS is a cryptographic best practice that is designed to be transparent and 
easy to use. AWS KMS supports optional automatic key rotation only for customer managed 
CMKs. Enable and disable key rotation. Automatic key rotation is disabled by default on customer 
managed CMKs. 
When you enable (or re-enable) key rotation, AWS KMS automatically rotates the CMK 365 days 
after the enable date and every 365 days thereafter. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/rotate-keys.html 
 
 
QUESTION 36 
A bicycle sharing company is developing a multi-tier architecture to track the location of its 
bicycles during peak operating hours. The company wants to use these data points in its existing 
analytics platform. A solutions architect must determine the most viable multi-tier option to 
support this architecture. The data points must be accessible from the REST API.  
Which action meets these requirements for storing and retrieving location data? 
 
A. Use Amazon Athena with Amazon S3 
B. Use Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda 
C. Use Amazon QuickSight with Amazon Redshift. 
D. Use Amazon API Gateway with Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Kinesis Data Streams does not persist data. It also only ingests data from Kinesis Data Stream 
and Firehose, and outputs to Kinesis Data Stream, Firehose and Lambda. 
 
 
QUESTION 37 
A company has an automobile sales website that stores its listings in a database on Amazon 
RDS. When an automobile is sold the listing needs to be removed from the website and the data 
must be sent to multiple target systems. 
Which design should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to 
send the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS> queue for the targets 
to consume 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to 
send the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue for the 
targets to consume 
C. Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) queue fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topics 
Use AWS Lambda functions to update the targets 
D. Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queues Use AWS Lambda functions to update the targets 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon RDS uses the SNS to provide notification when an Amazon event occurs.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_Events.html 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
21 
QUESTION 38 
A company needs to store data in Amazon S3 and must prevent the data from being changed. 
The company wants new objects that are uploaded to Amazon S3 to remain unchangeable for a 
nonspecific amount of time until the company decides to modify the objects. Only specific users in 
the company's AWS account can have the ability 10 delete the objects. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an S3 Glacier vault.  
Apply a write-once, read-many (WORM) vault lock policy to the objects. 
B. Create an S3 bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled.  
Enable versioning.  
Set a retention period of 100 years.  
Use governance mode as the S3 buckets default retention mode for new objects. 
C. Create an S3 bucket.  
Use AWS CloudTrail to track any S3 API events that modify the objects.  
Upon notification, restore the modified objects from any backup versions that the company has. 
D. Create an S3 bucket with S3 Object Lock enabled.  
Enable versioning.  
Add a legal hold to the objects.  
Add the s3:PutObjectLegalHold permission to the IAM policies of users who need to delete the 
objects. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
"The Object Lock legal hold operation enables you to place a legal hold on an object version. Like 
setting a retention period, a legal hold prevents an object version from being overwritten or 
deleted. However, a legal hold doesn't have an associated retention period and remains in effect 
until removed."  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/batch-ops-legal-hold.html 
 
 
QUESTION 39 
A social media company allows users to upload images to its website. The website runs on 
Amazon EC2 instances.  
During upload requests, the website resizes the images to a standard size and stores the resized 
images in Amazon S3.  
Users are experiencing slow upload requests to the website. 
 
The company needs to reduce coupling within the application and improve website performance.  
A solutions architect must design the most operationally efficient process for image uploads. 
 
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure the application to upload images to S3 Glacier. 
B. Configure the web server to upload the original images to Amazon S3. 
C. Configure the application to upload images directly from each user's browser to Amazon S3 
through the use of a presigned URL. 
D. Configure S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when an image is 
uploaded. 
Use the function to resize the image 
E. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule that invokes an AWS 
Lambda function on a schedule to resize uploaded images. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
22 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
Remember to have operationally efficiency in mind. It usually goes with configure rather than 
create. For Presigned URL's you have to assign it individually to the user. Example of Presiged 
URL's use case: For access to premium users on a premium content on a website . 
 
 
QUESTION 40 
A company recently migrated a message processing system to AWS. The system receives 
messages into an ActiveMQ queue running on an Amazon EC2 instance. Messages are 
processed by a consumer application running on Amazon EC2. The consumer application 
processes the messages and writes results to a MySQL database running on Amazon EC2. The 
company wants this application to be highly available with low operational complexity. 
Which architecture offers the HIGHEST availability? 
 
A. Add a second ActiveMQ server to another Availably Zone. 
Add an additional consumer EC2 instance in another Availability Zone.  
Replicate the MySQL database to another Availability Zone. 
B. Use Amazon MO with active/standby brokers configured across two Availability Zones. 
Add an additional consumer EC2 instance in another Availability Zone.  
Replicate the MySQL database to another Availability Zone. 
C. Use Amazon MO with active/standby blotters configured across two Availability Zones.  
Add an additional consumer EC2 instance in another Availability Zone.  
Use Amazon ROS tor MySQL with Multi-AZ enabled. 
D. Use Amazon MQ with active/standby brokers configured across two Availability Zones. 
Add an Auto Scaling group for the consumer EC2 instances across two Availability Zones.  
Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ enabled. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon MQ with active/standby brokers configured across two Availability Zones ensures that 
the message queue is available even if one Availability Zone experiences an outage. 
An Auto Scaling group for the consumer EC2 instances across two Availability Zones ensures 
that the consumer application is able to continue processing messages even if one Availability 
Zone experiences an outage. 
Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ enabled ensures that the database is available even if 
one Availability Zone experiences an outage. 
 
 
QUESTION 41 
A company hosts a containerized web application on a fleet of on-premises servers that process 
incoming requests. The number of requests is growing quickly. The on-premises servers cannot 
handle the increased number of requests. The company wants to move the application to AWS 
with minimum code changes and minimum development effort. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Fargate on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to run the containerized 
web application with Service Auto Scaling.  
Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the incoming requests. 
B. Use two Amazon EC2 instances to host the containerized web application.  
Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the incoming requests. 
C. Use AWS Lambda with a new code that uses one of the supported languages.  
Create multiple Lambda functions to support the load. 
Use Amazon API Gateway as an entry point to the Lambda functions. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
23 
D. Use a high performance computing (HPC) solution such as AWS ParallelClusterto establish an 
HPC cluster that can process the incoming requests at the appropriate scale. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Less operational overhead means A: Fargate (no EC2), move the containers on ECS, autoscaling 
for growth and ALB to balance consumption. 
 
 
QUESTION 42 
A company uses 50 TB of data for reporting. The company wants to move this data from on 
premises to AWS A custom application in the company's data center runs a weekly data 
transformation job. The company plans to pause the application until the data transfer is complete 
and needs to begin the transfer process as soon as possible. 
The data center does not have any available network bandwidth for additional workloads.  
A solutions architect must transfer the data and must configure the transformation job to continue 
to run in the AWS Cloud. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync to move the data.  
Create a custom transformation job by using AWS Glue. 
B. Order an AWS Snowcone device to move the data.  
Deploy the transformation application to the device. 
C. Order an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device.  
Copy the data to the device. 
Create a custom transformation job by using AWS Glue. 
D. Order an AWS D. Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device that includes Amazon EC2 
compute. 
Copy the data to the device. 
Create a new EC2 instance on AWS to run the transformation application. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
SnowBall can store 80TB (ok), takes around 1 week to move the device (faster than A), and AWS 
Glue allows to do ETL jobs. 
 
 
QUESTION 43 
A company has created an image analysis application in which users can upload photos and add 
photo frames to their images. The users upload images and metadata to indicate which photo 
frames they want to add to their images. The application uses a single Amazon EC2 instance and 
Amazon DynamoDB to store the metadata. 
 
The application is becoming more popular, and the number of users is increasing. The company 
expects the number of concurrent users to vary significantly depending on the time of day and 
day of week. The company must ensure that the application can scale to meet the needs of the 
growing user base. 
 
Which solution meats these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Lambda to process the photos.  
Store the photos and metadata in DynamoDB. 
B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to process the photos and to store the photos and 
metadata. 
C. Use AWS Lambda to process the photos.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
24 
Store the photos in Amazon S3.  
Retain DynamoDB to store the metadata. 
D. Increase the number of EC2 instances to three.  
Use Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes to store 
the photos and metadata. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Storing image in DB wont be very scalable compared to S3 metadata does not take up much 
space and is more efficiently stored in DB. 
 
 
QUESTION 44 
A medical records company is hosting an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application 
processes customer data files that are stored on Amazon S3. The EC2 instances are hosted in 
public subnets. The EC2 instances access Amazon S3 over the internet, but they do not require 
any other network access. 
A new requirement mandates that the network traffic for file transfers take a private route and not 
be sent over the internet. 
Which change to the network architecture should a solutions architect recommend to meet this 
requirement? 
 
A. Create a NAT gateway.  
Configure the route table for the public subnets to send traffic to Amazon S3 through the NAT 
gateway. 
B. Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to restrict outbound traffic so that only traffic 
to the S3 prefix list is permitted. 
C. Move the EC2 instances to private subnets.  
Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3, and link the endpoint to the route table for the private 
subnets 
D. Remove the internet gateway from the VPC.  
Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection, and route traffic to Amazon S3 over the Direct 
Connect connection. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
VPC endpoint is the best choice to route S3 traffic without traversing internet.  
 
 
QUESTION 45 
A company uses a popular content management system (CMS) for its corporate website. 
However, the required patching and maintenance are burdensome. The company is redesigning 
its website and wants anew solution. The website will be updated four times a year and does not 
need to have any dynamic content available. The solution must provide high scalability and 
enhanced security. 
 
Which combination of changes will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational 
overhead? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Deploy an AWS WAF web ACL in front of the website to provide HTTPS functionality 
B. Create and deploy an AWS Lambda function to manage and serve the website content 
C. Create the new website and an Amazon S3 bucket Deploy the website on the S3 bucket with 
static website hosting enabled 
D. Create the new website.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
25 
Deploy the website by using an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances behind an 
Application Load Balancer. 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
A -> We can configure CloudFront to require HTTPS from clients (enhanced security)  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/using-https-viewers-to-
cloudfront.html 
D -> storing static website on S3 provides scalability and less operational overhead, then 
configuration of Application LB and EC2 instances. 
 
 
QUESTION 46 
A company stores its application logs in an Amazon CloudWatch Logs log group.  
A new policy requires the company to store all application logs in Amazon OpenSearch Service 
(Amazon Elasticsearch Service) in near-real time. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure a CloudWatch Logs subscription to stream the logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service 
(Amazon Elasticsearch Service). 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function.  
Use the log group to invoke the function to write the logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service 
(Amazon Elasticsearch Service). 
C. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. 
Configure the log group as the delivery stream's source.  
Configure Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) as the delivery 
stream's destination. 
D. Install and configure Amazon Kinesis Agent on each application server to deliver the logs to 
Amazon Kinesis Data Streams.  
Configure Kinesis Data Streams to deliver the logs to Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon 
Elasticsearch Service) 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
CloudWatch has a native feature to stream logs to OpenSearch, when you enable this setting it 
creates a Lambda Function automatically with pre-populated code which streams the logs to 
OpenSearch Cluster. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/CWL_OpenSearch_Stream.html 
 
 
QUESTION 47 
A company is building a web-based application running on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple 
Availability Zones. The web application will provide access to a repository of text documents 
totaling about 900 TB in size. The company anticipates that the web application will experience 
periods of high demand. A solutions architect must ensure that the storage component for the text 
documents can scale to meet the demand of the application at all times. The company is 
concerned about the overall cost of the solution. 
 
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
C. Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
26 
D. Amazon S3 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 is an object storage service that can store and retrieve large amounts of data at any 
time, from anywhere on the web. It is designed for high durability, scalability, and cost-
effectiveness, making it a suitable choice for storing a large repository of text documents. With 
S3, you can store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web, and 
you can scale your storage up or down as needed, which will help to meet the demand of the web 
application. Additionally, S3 allows you to choose between different storage classes, such as 
standard, infrequent access, and archive, which will enable you to optimize costs based on your 
specific use case. 
 
 
QUESTION 48 
A global company is using Amazon API Gateway to design REST APIs for its loyalty club users in 
the us-east-1 Region and the ap-southeast-2 Region. A solutions architect must design a solution 
to protect these API Gateway managed REST APIs across multiple accounts from SQL injection 
and cross-site scripting attacks. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative effort? 
 
A. Set up AWS WAF in both Regions.  
Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage. 
B. Set up AWS Firewall Manager in both Regions.  
Centrally configure AWS WAF rules. 
C. Set up AWS Shield in bath Regions.  
Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage. 
D. Set up AWS Shield in one of the Regions.  
Associate Regional web ACLs with an API stage. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Using AWS WAF has several benefits. Additional protection against web attacks using criteria 
that you specify. You can define criteria using characteristics of web requests such as the 
following: 
- Presence of SQL code that is likely to be malicious (known as SQL injection). 
- Presence of a script that is likely to be malicious (known as cross-site scripting). 
AWS Firewall Manager simplifies your administration and maintenance tasks across multiple 
accounts and resources for a variety of protections. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/what-is-aws-waf.html 
 
 
QUESTION 49 
A company has implemented a self-managed DNS solution on three Amazon EC2 instances 
behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in the us-west-2 Region. Most of the company's users are 
located in the United States and Europe. The company wants to improve the performance and 
availability of the solution. The company launches and configures three EC2 instances in the eu-
west-1 Region and adds the EC2 instances as targets for a new NLB. 
 
Which solution can the company use to route traffic to all the EC2 instances? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the two 
NLBs. 
Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
27 
Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin. 
B. Create a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator.  
Create endpoint groups in us-west-2 and eu-west-1.  
Add the two NLBs as endpoints for the endpoint groups. 
C. Attach Elastic IP addresses to the six EC2 instances.  
Create an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to route requests to one of the six EC2 
instances.  
Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution.  
Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin. 
D. Replace the two NLBs with two Application Load Balancers (ALBs).  
Create an Amazon Route 53 latency routing policy to route requests to one of the two ALBs.  
Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution.  
Use the Route 53 record as the distribution's origin. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
WS Global Accelerator is a networking service that helps you improve the availability and 
performance of the applications that you offer to your global users. AWS Global Accelerator is 
easy to set up, configure, and manage. It provides static IP addresses that provide a fixed entry 
point to your applications and eliminate the complexity of managing specific IP addresses for 
different AWS Regions and Availability Zones. AWS Global Accelerator always routes user traffic 
to the optimal endpoint based on performance, reacting instantly to changes in application health, 
your users location, and policies that you configure. 
https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 50 
A company is running an online transaction processing (OLTP) workload on AWS. This workload 
uses an unencrypted Amazon RDS DB instance in a Multi-AZ deployment. Daily database 
snapshots are taken from this instance. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to ensure the database and snapshots are always encrypted 
moving forward? 
 
A. Encrypt a copy of the latest DB snapshot.  
Replace existing DB instance by restoring the encrypted snapshot 
B. Create a new encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume and copy the 
snapshots to it. 
Enable encryption on the DB instance. 
C. Copy the snapshots and enable encryption using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). 
Restore encrypted snapshot to an existing DB instance. 
D. Copy the snapshots to an Amazon S3 bucket that is encrypted using server-side encryption with 
AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) managed keys (SSE-KMS) 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can enable encryption for an Amazon RDS DB instance when you create it, but not after it's 
created. However, you can add encryption to an unencrypted DB instance by creating a snapshot 
of your DB instance, and then creating an encrypted copy of that snapshot. You can then restore 
a DB instance from the encrypted snapshot to get an encrypted copy of your original DB instance. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/encrypt-an-existing-amazon-
rds-for-postgresql-db-instance.html 
 
 
QUESTION 51 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
28 
A company wants to build a scalable key management Infrastructure to support developers who 
need to encrypt data in their applications. 
What should a solutions architect do to reduce the operational burden? 
 
A. Use multifactor authentication (MFA) to protect the encryption keys. 
B. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to protect the encryption keys 
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create, store, and assign the encryption keys 
D. Use an IAM policy to limit the scope of users who have access permissions to protect the 
encryption keys 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
If you are responsible for securing your data across AWS services, you should use it to centrally 
manage the encryption keys that control access to your data. If you are a developer who needs to 
encrypt data in your applications, you should use the AWS Encryption SDK with AWS KMS to 
easily generate, use and protect symmetric encryption keys in your code. 
 
 
QUESTION 52 
A company has a dynamic web application hosted on two Amazon EC2 instances. The company 
has its own SSL certificate, which is on each instance to perform SSL termination. 
 
There has been an increase in traffic recently, and the operations team determined that SSL 
encryption and decryption is causing the compute capacity of the web servers to reach their 
maximum limit. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to increase the application's performance? 
 
A. Create a new SSL certificate using AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) install the ACM certificate 
on each instance. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket Migrate the SSL certificate to the S3 bucket. 
Configure the EC2 instances to reference the bucket for SSL termination. 
C. Create another EC2 instance as a proxy server Migrate the SSL certificate to the new instance 
and configure it to direct connections to the existing EC2 instances 
D. Import the SSL certificate into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). 
Create an Application Load Balancer with an HTTPS listener that uses the SSL certificate from 
ACM. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/certificate-manager/: 
"With AWS Certificate Manager, you can quickly request a certificate, deploy it on ACM-
integrated AWS resources, such as Elastic Load Balancers, Amazon CloudFront distributions, 
and APIs on API Gateway, and let AWS Certificate Manager handle certificate renewals. It also 
enables you to create private certificates for your internal resources and manage the certificate 
lifecycle centrally." 
 
 
QUESTION 53 
A company has a highly dynamic batch processing job that uses many Amazon EC2 instances to 
complete it. The job is stateless in nature, can be started and stopped at any given time with no 
negative impact, and typically takes upwards of 60 minutes total to complete. The company has 
asked a solutions architect to design a scalable and cost-effective solution that meets the 
requirements of the job. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
29 
What should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Implement EC2 Spot Instances 
B. Purchase EC2 Reserved Instances 
C. Implement EC2 On-Demand Instances 
D. Implement the processing on AWS Lambda 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
EC2 Spot Instances allow users to bid on spare Amazon EC2 computing capacity and can be a 
cost-effective solution for stateless, interruptible workloads that can be started and stopped at any 
time. Since the batch processing job is stateless, can be started and stopped at any time, and 
typically takes upwards of 60 minutes to complete, EC2 Spot Instances would be a good fit for 
this workload. 
 
 
QUESTION 54 
A company runs its two-tier ecommerce website on AWS. The web tier consists of a load 
balancer that sends traffic to Amazon EC2 instances. The database tier uses an Amazon RDS 
DB instance. The EC2 instances and the RDS DB instance should not be exposed to the public 
internet. The EC2 instances require internet access to complete payment processing of orders 
through a third-party web service. The application must be highly available. 
 
Which combination of configuration options will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use an Auto Scaling group to launch the EC2 instances in private subnets.  
Deploy an RDS Multi-AZ DB instance in private subnets. 
B. Configure a VPC with two private subnets and two NAT gateways across two Availability Zones. 
Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the private subnets. 
C. Use an Auto Scaling group to launch the EC2 instances in public subnets across two Availability 
Zones.  
Deploy an RDS Multi-AZ DB instance in private subnets. 
D. Configure a VPC with one public subnet, one private subnet, and two NAT gateways across two 
Availability Zones.  
Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the public subnet. 
E. Configure a VPC with two public subnets, two private subnets, and two NAT gateways across 
two Availability Zones.  
Deploy an Application Load Balancer in the public subnets. 
 
Answer: AE 
Explanation: 
Before you begin: Decide which two Availability Zones you will use for your EC2 instances. 
Configure your virtual private cloud (VPC) with at least one public subnet in each of these 
Availability Zones. These public subnets are used to configure the load balancer. You can launch 
your EC2 instances in other subnets of these Availability Zones instead. 
 
 
QUESTION 55 
A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to reduce a company's storage costs. All the 
company's data is in the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. The company must keep all data for 
at least 25 years. Data from the most recent 2 years must be highly available and immediately 
retrievable. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
30 
 
A. Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive immediately. 
B. Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 2 years. 
C. Use S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Activate the archiving option to ensure that data is archived in S3 
Glacier Deep Archive. 
D. Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One 
Zone-IA) immediately and to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 2 years. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 56 
A company runs its ecommerce application on AWS. Every new order is published as a message 
in a RabbitMQ queue that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a single Availability Zone. These 
messages are processed by a different application that runs on a separate EC2 instance. This 
application stores the details in a PostgreSQL database on another EC2 instance. All the EC2 
instances are in the same Availability Zone. 
The company needs to redesign its architecture to provide the highest availability with the least 
operational overhead. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the queue to a redundant pair (active/standby) of RabbitMQ instances on Amazon MQ. 
Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group (or EC2 instances that host the application.  
Create another Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the PostgreSQL 
database. 
B. Migrate the queue to a redundant pair (active/standby) of RabbitMQ instances on Amazon MQ. 
Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application.  
Migrate the database to run on a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. 
C. Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the RabbitMQ queue.  
Create another Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application.  
Migrate the database to run on a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon RDS fqjPostgreSQL. 
D. Create a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the RabbitMQ queue.  
Create another Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the application.  
Create a third Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group for EC2 instances that host the PostgreSQL 
database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Migrating to Amazon MQ reduces the overhead on the queue management. C and D are 
dismissed. 
Deciding between A and B means deciding to go for an AutoScaling group for EC2 or an RDS for 
Postgress (both multi- AZ). The RDS option has less operational impact, as provide as a service 
the tools and software required. Consider for instance, the effort to add an additional node like a 
read replica, to the DB. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazon-mq/latest/developer-guide/active-standby-broker-
deployment.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/postgresql/ 
 
 
QUESTION 57 
A reporting team receives files each day in an Amazon S3 bucket. The reporting team manually 
reviews and copies the files from this initial S3 bucket to an analysis S3 bucket each day at the 
same time to use with Amazon QuickSight. Additional teams are starting to send more files in 
larger sizes to the initial S3 bucket. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
31 
The reporting team wants to move the files automatically analysis S3 bucket as the files enter the 
initial S3 bucket. The reporting team also wants to use AWS Lambda functions to run pattern-
matching code on the copied data. In addition, the reporting team wants to send the data files to a 
pipeline in Amazon SageMaker Pipelines. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational 
overhead? 
 
A. Create a Lambda function to copy the files to the analysis S3 bucket.  
Create an S3 event notification for the analysis S3 bucket.  
Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as destinations of the event notification.  
Configure s30bjectCreated:Put as the event type. 
B. Create a Lambda function to copy the files to the analysis S3 bucket.  
Configure the analysis S3 bucket to send event notifications to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon 
CloudWatch Events).  
Configure an ObjectCreated rule in EventBridge (CloudWatch Events).  
Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as targets for the rule. 
C. Configure S3 replication between the S3 buckets.  
Create an S3 event notification for the analysis S3 bucket.  
Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as destinations of the event notification. 
Configure s30bjectCreated:Put as the event type. 
D. Configure S3 replication between the S3 buckets.  
Configure the analysis S3 bucket to send event notifications to Amazon EventBridge (Amazon 
CloudWatch Events).  
Configure an ObjectCreated rule in EventBridge (CloudWatch Events).  
Configure Lambda and SageMaker Pipelines as targets for the rule. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The files are getting large, less operational overhead - so will choose S3 replication. Event bridge 
is far more advanced than S3 event notification and they support multiple targets. S3 Event 
notification may not support Sagemaker. Also filtering and pattern matching available in Event 
bridge.  
 
 
QUESTION 58 
A solutions architect needs to help a company optimize the cost of running an application on 
AWS. The application will use Amazon EC2 instances, AWS Fargate, and AWS Lambda for 
compute within the architecture. 
 
The EC2 instances will run the data ingestion layer of the application. EC2 usage will be sporadic 
and unpredictable. Workloads that run on EC2 instances can be interrupted at any time. The 
application front end will run on Fargate, and Lambda will serve the API layer. The front-end 
utilization and API layer utilization will be predictable over the course of the next year. 
 
Which combination of purchasing options will provide the MOST cost-effective solution for hosting 
this application? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use Spot Instances for the data ingestion layer 
B. Use On-Demand Instances for the data ingestion layer 
C. Purchase a 1-year Compute Savings Plan for the front end and API layer. 
D. Purchase 1-year All Upfront Reserved instances for the data ingestion layer. 
E. Purchase a 1-year EC2 instance Savings Plan for the front end and API layer. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
32 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
EC2 instance Savings Plan saves 72% while Compute Savings Plans saves 66%. But according 
to link, it says "Compute Savings Plans provide the most flexibility and help to reduce your costs 
by up to 66%. These plans automatically apply to EC2 instance usage regardless of instance 
family, size, AZ, region, OS or tenancy, and also apply to Fargate and Lambda usage." EC2 
instance Savings Plans are not applied to Fargate or Lambda. 
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/faq/ 
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/compute-pricing/ 
 
 
QUESTION 59 
A company runs a web-based portal that provides users with global breaking news, local alerts, 
and weather updates. The portal delivers each user a personalized view by using mixture of static 
and dynamic content. Content is served over HTTPS through an API server running on an 
Amazon EC2 instance behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The company wants the 
portal to provide this content to its users across the world as quickly as possible. 
 
How should a solutions architect design the application to ensure the LEAST amount of latency 
for all users? 
 
A. Deploy the application stack in a single AWS Region.  
Use Amazon CloudFront to serve all static and dynamic content by specifying the ALB as an 
origin. 
B. Deploy the application stack in two AWS Regions.  
Use an Amazon Route 53 latency routing policy to serve all content from the ALB in the closest 
Region. 
C. Deploy the application stack in a single AWS Region.  
Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the static content.  
Serve the dynamic content directly from the ALB. 
D. Deploy the application stack in two AWS Regions.  
Use an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy to serve all content from the ALB in the 
closest Region. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudFront is a web service that speeds up distribution of your static and dynamic web 
content. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/deliver-your-apps-dynamic-
content-using-amazon-cloudfront-getting-started-template/ 
 
 
QUESTION 60 
A gaming company is designing a highly available architecture. The application runs on a 
modified Linux kernel and supports only UDP-based traffic. The company needs the front-end tier 
to provide the best possible user experience. That tier must have low latency, route traffic to the 
nearest edge location, and provide static IP addresses for entry into the application endpoints. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure Amazon Route 53 to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer.  
Use AWS Lambda for the application in AWS Application Auto Scaling. 
B. Configure Amazon CloudFront to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer.  
Use AWS Lambda for the application in an AWS Application Auto Scaling group. 
C. Configure AWS Global Accelerator to forward requests to a Network Load Balancer.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
33 
Use Amazon EC2 instances for the application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group. 
D. Configure Amazon API Gateway to forward requests to an Application Load Balancer.  
Use Amazon EC2 instances for the application in an EC2 Auto Scaling group. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Global Accelerator and Amazon CloudFront are separate services that use the AWS global 
network and its edge locations around the world. CloudFront improves performance for both 
cacheable content (such as images and videos) and dynamic content (such as API acceleration 
and dynamic site delivery). Global Accelerator improves performance for a wide range of 
applications over TCP or UDP by proxying packets at the edge to applications running in one or 
more AWS Regions. Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming 
(UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use cases that specifically require 
static IP addresses or deterministic, fast regional failover. Both services integrate with AWS 
Shield for DDoS protection. 
 
 
QUESTION 61 
A company wants to migrate its existing on-premises monolithic application to AWS. The 
company wants to keep as much of the front-end code and the backend code as possible. 
However, the company wants to break the application into smaller applications. A different team 
will manage each application. The company needs a highly scalable solution that minimizes 
operational overhead. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Host the application on AWS Lambda Integrate the application with Amazon API Gateway. 
B. Host the application with AWS Amplify. Connect the application to an Amazon API Gateway API 
that is integrated with AWS Lambda. 
C. Host the application on Amazon EC2 instances. Set up an Application Load Balancer with EC2 
instances in an Auto Scaling group as targets. 
D. Host the application on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) Set up an Application 
Load Balancer with Amazon ECS as the target. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/microservice-delivery-with-amazon-ecs-and-application-
load-balancers/ 
 
 
QUESTION 62 
A company recently started using Amazon Aurora as the data store for its global ecommerce 
application.  
When large reports are run developers report that the ecommerce application is performing 
poorly After reviewing metrics in Amazon CloudWatch, a solutions architect finds that the 
ReadlOPS and CPUUtilization metrics are spiking when monthly reports run. 
What is the MOST cost-effective solution? 
 
A. Migrate the monthly reporting to Amazon Redshift. 
B. Migrate the monthly reporting to an Aurora Replica 
C. Migrate the Aurora database to a larger instance class 
D. Increase the Provisioned IOPS on the Aurora instance 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
34 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Replication.html  
#Aurora.Replication.Replicas Aurora Replicas have two main purposes. You can issue queries to 
them to scale the read operations for your application. You typically do so by connecting to the 
reader endpoint of the cluster. That way, Aurora can spread the load for read-only connections 
across as many Aurora Replicas as you have in the cluster. Aurora Replicas also help to increase 
availability. If the writer instance in a cluster becomes unavailable, Aurora automatically promotes 
one of the reader instances to take its place as the new writer.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Overview.html 
 
 
QUESTION 63 
A company hosts a website analytics application on a single Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instance. 
The analytics software is written in PHP and uses a MySQL database. The analytics software, the 
web server that provides PHP, and the database server are all hosted on the EC2 instance. The 
application is showing signs of performance degradation during busy times and is presenting 5xx 
errors.  
The company needs to make the application scale seamlessly. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance.  
Create an AMI of the web application.  
Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance.  
Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the load to each EC2 instance. 
B. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance.  
Create an AMI of the web application.  
Use the AMI to launch a second EC2 On-Demand Instance.  
Use Amazon Route 53 weighted routing to distribute the load across the two EC2 instances. 
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB instance.  
Create an AWS Lambda function to stop the EC2 instance and change the instance type.  
Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to invoke the Lambda function when CPU utilization 
surpasses 75%. 
D. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB instance.  
Create an AMI of the web application.  
Apply the AMI to a launch template.  
Create an Auto Scaling group with the launch template. 
Configure the launch template to use a Spot Fleet.  
Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Spot Fleet can leverage both spot+on-demand instances, it should be the most cost-effective. 
 
 
QUESTION 64 
A company runs a stateless web application in production on a group of Amazon EC2 On-
Demand Instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application experiences heavy 
usage during an 8-hour period each business day. Application usage is moderate and steady 
overnight Application usage is low during weekends. 
The company wants to minimize its EC2 costs without affecting the availability of the application. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Spot Instances for the entire workload. 
B. Use Reserved instances for the baseline level of usage. 
Use Spot Instances for any additional capacity that the application needs. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
35 
C. Use On-Demand Instances for the baseline level of usage.  
Use Spot Instances for any additional capacity that the application needs. 
D. Use Dedicated Instances for the baseline level of usage.  
Use On-Demand Instances for any additional capacity that the application needs. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
They are currently using On Demand instances, so option C is out. 
A uses Spot instances which is not recommended for PROD and D uses Dedicated instances 
which are expensive. 
So option B should be the one. 
 
 
QUESTION 65 
A company needs to retain application logs files for a critical application for 10 years. The 
application team regularly accesses logs from the past month for troubleshooting, but logs older 
than 1 month are rarely accessed. The application generates more than 10 TB of logs per month. 
Which storage option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Store the Iogs in Amazon S3. 
Use AWS Backup to move logs more than 1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
B. Store the logs in Amazon S3. 
Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs more than 1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
C. Store the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. 
Use AWS Backup to move logs more then 1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
D. Store the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs.  
Use Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to move logs more than 1 month old to S3 Glacier Deep 
Archive. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
You need S3 to be able to archive the logs after one month. Cannot do that with CloudWatch 
Logs. 
 
 
QUESTION 66 
A company has a data ingestion workflow that includes the following components: 
 
- An Amazon Simple Notation Service (Amazon SNS) topic that receives 
notifications about new data deliveries. 
- An AWS Lambda function that processes and stores the data 
 
The ingestion workflow occasionally fails because of network connectivity issues.  
When tenure occurs the corresponding data is not ingested unless the company manually reruns 
the job. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that all notifications are eventually processed? 
 
A. Configure the Lambda function for deployment across multiple Availability Zones 
B. Modify me Lambda functions configuration to increase the CPU and memory allocations tor the 
function 
C. Configure the SNS topic's retry strategy to increase both the number of retries and the wait time 
between retries 
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as the on failure 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
36 
destination. 
Modify the Lambda function to process messages in the queue. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To ensure that all notifications are eventually processed, the best solution would be to configure 
an Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queue as the on-failure destination for the SNS topic. 
This will allow the notifications to be retried until they are successfully processed. The Lambda 
function can then be modified to process messages in the queue, ensuring that all notifications 
are eventually processed. Option D, "Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) queue as the on-failure destination. Modify the Lambda function to process messages in 
the queue," is the correct answer. 
 
 
QUESTION 67 
A company has a service that produces event data. The company wants to use AWS to process 
the event data as it is received.  
The data is written in a specific order that must be maintained throughout processing.  
The company wants to implement a solution that minimizes operational overhead. 
How should a solutions architect accomplish this? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue to hold messages. 
Set up an AWS Lambda function to process messages from the queue. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to deliver notifications 
containing payloads to process.  
Configure an AWS Lambda function as a subscriber. 
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue to hold messages.  
Set up an AWS Lambda function to process messages from the queue independently. 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to deliver notifications 
containing payloads to process.  
Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as a subscriber. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFO-
queues.html 
FIFO (First-In-First-Out) queues are designed to enhance messaging between applications when 
the order of operations and events is critical, or where duplicates can't be tolerated. Examples of 
situations where you might use FIFO queues include the following: To make sure that user-
entered commands are run in the right order. To display the correct product price by sending 
price modifications in the right order. To prevent a student from enrolling in a course before 
registering for an account. 
 
 
QUESTION 68 
A company is migrating an application from on-premises servers to Amazon EC2 instances. As 
part of the migration design requirements, a solutions architect must implement infrastructure 
metric alarms. The company does not need to take action if CPU utilization increases to more 
than 50% for a short burst of time. However, if the CPU utilization increases to more than 50% 
and read IOPS on the disk are high at the same time, the company needs to act as soon as 
possible. The solutions architect also must reduce false alarms. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create Amazon CloudWatch composite alarms where possible. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
37 
B. Create Amazon CloudWatch dashboards to visualize the metrics and react to issues quickly. 
C. Create Amazon CloudWatch Synthetics canaries to monitor the application and raise an alarm. 
D. Create single Amazon CloudWatch metric alarms with multiple metric thresholds where 
possible. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Composite alarms determine their states by monitoring the states of other alarms. You can **use 
composite alarms to reduce alarm noise**. For example, you can create a composite alarm where 
the underlying metric alarms go into ALARM when they meet specific conditions. You then can 
set up your composite alarm to go into ALARM and send you notifications when the underlying 
metric alarms go into ALARM by configuring the underlying metric alarms never to take actions. 
Currently, composite alarms can take the following actions: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/Create_Composite_Alarm.ht
ml 
 
 
QUESTION 69 
A company wants to migrate its on-premises data center to AWS. According to the company's 
compliance requirements, the company can use only the ap-northeast-3 Region. Company 
administrators are not permitted to connect VPCs to the internet. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Control Tower to implement data residency guardrails to deny internet access and 
deny access to all AWS Regions except ap-northeast-3. 
B. Use rules in AWS WAF to prevent internet access.  
Deny access to all AWS Regions except ap-northeast-3 in the AWS account settings. 
C. Use AWS Organizations to configure service control policies (SCPS) that prevent VPCs from 
gaining internet access.  
Deny access to all AWS Regions except ap-northeast-3. 
D. Create an outbound rule for the network ACL in each VPC to deny all traffic from 0.0.0.0/0.  
Create an IAM policy for each user to prevent the use of any AWS Region other than ap-
northeast-3. 
E. Use AWS Config to activate managed rules to detect and alert for internet gateways and to 
detect and alert for new resources deployed outside of ap-northeast-3. 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
Disallow internet access for an Amazon VPC instance managed by a customer. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-for-aws-control-tower-region-deny-and-guardrails-to-
help-you-meet-data-residency-requirements/ 
 
 
QUESTION 70 
A company uses a three-tier web application to provide training to new employees. The 
application is accessed for only 12 hours every day. The company is using an Amazon RDS for 
MySQL DB instance to store information and wants to minimize costs. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an IAM policy for AWS Systems Manager Session Manager.  
Create an IAM role for the policy.  
Update the trust relationship of the role.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
38 
Set up automatic start and stop for the DB instance. 
B. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cache cluster that gives users the ability to access the 
data from the cache when the DB instance is stopped.  
Invalidate the cache after the DB instance is started. 
C. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance.  
Create an IAM role that grants access to Amazon RDS.  
Attach the role to the EC2 instance.  
Configure a cron job to start and stop the EC2 instance on the desired schedule. 
D. Create AWS Lambda functions to start and stop the DB instance.  
Create Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled rules to invoke the 
Lambda functions.  
Configure the Lambda functions as event targets for the rules 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS Lambda and Amazon EventBridge that allows you to schedule a Lambda function to stop 
and start the idle databases with specific tags to save on compute costs.  
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/schedule-amazon-rds-stop-and-start-using-aws-lambda/ 
 
 
QUESTION 71 
A company sells ringtones created from clips of popular songs. The files containing the ringtones 
are stored in Amazon S3 Standard and are at least 128 KB in size. The company has millions of 
files, but downloads are infrequent for ringtones older than 90 days. The company needs to save 
money on storage while keeping the most accessed files readily available for its users. 
 
Which action should the company take to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage for the initial storage tier of 
the objects. 
B. Move the files to S3 Intelligent-Tiering and configure it to move objects to a less expensive 
storage tier after 90 days. 
C. Configure S3 inventory to manage objects and move them to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access 
(S3 Standard-1A) after 90 days. 
D. Implement an S3 Lifecycle policy that moves the objects from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-
Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-1A) after 90 days. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The Question talks about downloads are infrequent older than 90 days which means files less 
than 90 days are accessed frequently. Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) needs a 
minimum 30 days if accessed before, it costs more. 
So to access the files frequently you need a S3 Standard. After 90 days you can move it to 
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) as its going to be less frequently accessed. 
 
 
QUESTION 72 
A company needs to save the results from a medical trial to an Amazon S3 repository. The 
repository must allow a few scientists to add new files and must restrict all other users to read-
only access. No users can have the ability to modify or delete any files in the repository. The 
company must keep every file in the repository for a minimum of 1 year after its creation date. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
39 
A. Use S3 Object Lock in governance mode with a legal hold of 1 year 
B. Use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode with a retention period of 365 days. 
C. Use an IAM role to restrict all users from deleting or changing objects in the S3 bucket Use an 
S3 bucket policy to only allow the IAM role 
D. Configure the S3 bucket to invoke an AWS Lambda function every tune an object is added 
Configure the function to track the hash of the saved object to that modified objects can be 
marked accordingly 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Compliance mode is more restrictive. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock-overview.html 
 
 
QUESTION 73 
A large media company hosts a web application on AWS. The company wants to start caching 
confidential media files so that users around the world will have reliable access to the files. The 
content is stored in Amazon S3 buckets. The company must deliver the content quickly, 
regardless of where the requests originate geographically. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync to connect the S3 buckets to the web application. 
B. Deploy AWS Global Accelerator to connect the S3 buckets to the web application. 
C. Deploy Amazon CloudFront to connect the S3 buckets to CloudFront edge servers. 
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to connect the S3 buckets to the web 
application. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
CloudFront uses a local cache to provide the response, AWS Global accelerator proxies requests 
and connects to the application all the time for the response.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-
restricting-access-to-s3.html#private-content-granting-permissions-to-oai 
 
 
QUESTION 74 
A company produces batch data that comes from different databases. The company also 
produces live stream data from network sensors and application APIs. The company needs to 
consolidate all the data into one place for business analytics. The company needs to process the 
incoming data and then stage the data in different Amazon S3 buckets. Teams will later run one-
time queries and import the data into a business intelligence tool to show key performance 
indicators (KPIs). 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Use Amazon Athena foe one-time queries.  
Use Amazon QuickSight to create dashboards for KPIs. 
B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics for one-time queries. 
Use Amazon QuickSight to create dashboards for KPIs. 
C. Create custom AWS Lambda functions to move the individual records from me databases to an 
Amazon Redshift duster. 
D. Use an AWS Glue extract transform, and toad (ETL) job to convert the data into JSON format.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
40 
Load the data into multiple Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) 
dusters. 
E. Use blueprints in AWS Lake Formation to identify the data that can be ingested into a data lake. 
Use AWS Glue to crawl the source extract the data and load the data into Amazon S3 in 
Apache Parquet format. 
 
Answer: AE 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/enhance-analytics-with-google-trends-data-using-aws-
glue-amazon-athena-and-amazon-quicksight/ 
 
 
QUESTION 75 
A gaming company has a web application that displays scores. The application runs on Amazon 
EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores data in an Amazon 
RDS for MySQL database. Users are starting to experience long delays and interruptions that are 
caused by database read performance. The company wants to improve the user experience while 
minimizing changes to the application's architecture. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon ElastiCache in front of the database. 
B. Use RDS Proxy between the application and the database. 
C. Migrate the application from EC2 instances to AWS Lambda. 
D. Migrate the database from Amazon RDS for MySQL to Amazon DynamoDB. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon ElastiCache is a web service that makes it easy to deploy, operate, and scale an in-
memory data store or cache in the cloud. The service improves the performance of web 
applications by allowing you to retrieve information from fast, managed, in-memory data stores, 
instead of relying entirely on slower disk-based databases. 
https://aws.amazon.com/caching/ 
 
 
QUESTION 76 
A business's backup data totals 700 terabytes (TB) and is kept in network attached storage 
(NAS) at its data center. This backup data must be available in the event of occasional regulatory 
inquiries and preserved for a period of seven years. The organization has chosen to relocate its 
backup data from its on-premises data center to Amazon Web Services (AWS). Within one 
month, the migration must be completed. The company's public internet connection provides 500 
Mbps of dedicated capacity for data transport. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that data is migrated and stored at the LOWEST 
possible cost? 
 
A. Order AWS Snowball devices to transfer the data.  
Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
B. Deploy a VPN connection between the data center and Amazon VPC.  
Use the AWS CLI to copy the data from on premises to Amazon S3 Glacier. 
C. Provision a 500 Mbps AWS Direct Connect connection and transfer the data to Amazon S3.  
Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
D. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the data and deploy a DataSync agent on premises.  
Use the DataSync task to copy files from the on-premises NAS storage to Amazon S3 Glacier. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
41 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 77 
A company wants to direct its users to a backup static error page if the company's primary 
website is unavailable. The primary website's DNS records are hosted in Amazon Route 53. The 
domain is pointing to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The company needs a solution that 
minimizes changes and infrastructure overhead. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Update the Route 53 records to use a latency routing policy.  
Add a static error page that is hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket to the records so that the traffic is
sent to the most responsive endpoints. 
B. Set up a Route 53 active-passive failover configuration.  
Direct traffic to a static error page that is hosted in an Amazon S3 bucket when Route 53 health 
checks determine that the ALB endpoint is unhealthy. 
C. Set up a Route 53 active-active configuration with the ALB and an Amazon EC2 instance that 
hosts a static error page as endpoints.  
Configure Route 53 to send requests to the instance only if the health checks fail for the ALB. 
D. Update the Route 53 records to use a multivalue answer routing policy.  
Create a health check. 
Direct traffic to the website if the health check passes.  
Direct traffic to a static error page that is hosted in Amazon S3 if the health check does not 
pass. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 78 
A corporation has recruited a new cloud engineer who should not have access to the 
CompanyConfidential Amazon S3 bucket. The cloud engineer must have read and write 
permissions on an S3 bucket named AdminTools. 
 
Which IAM policy will satisfy these criteria? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
42 
A. 
B. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
43 
C. 
D. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_examples_s3_rw-
bucket.html 
 
 
QUESTION 79 
A new employee has joined a company as a deployment engineer. The deployment engineer will 
be using AWS CloudFormation templates to create multiple AWS resources.  
A solutions architect wants the deployment engineer to perform job activities while following the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
44 
principle of least privilege. 
 
Which steps should the solutions architect do in conjunction to reach this goal? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Have the deployment engineer use AWS account roof user credentials for performing AWS 
CloudFormation stack operations. 
B. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has 
the PowerUsers IAM policy attached. 
C. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has 
the Administrate/Access IAM policy attached. 
D. Create a new IAM User for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has 
an IAM policy that allows AWS CloudFormation actions only. 
E. Create an IAM role for the deployment engineer to explicitly define the permissions specific to 
the AWS CloudFormation stack and launch stacks using Dial IAM role. 
 
Answer: DE 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users.html 
 
 
QUESTION 80 
A company runs a high performance computing (HPC) workload on AWS. The workload required 
low-latency network performance and high network throughput with tightly coupled node-to-node 
communication. The Amazon EC2 instances are properly sized for compute and storage 
capacity, and are launched using default options. 
 
What should a solutions architect propose to improve the performance of the workload? 
 
A. Choose a cluster placement group while launching Amazon EC2 instances. 
B. Choose dedicated instance tenancy while launching Amazon EC2 instances. 
C. Choose an Elastic Inference accelerator while launching Amazon EC2 instances. 
D. Choose the required capacity reservation while launching Amazon EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-ec2-
placementgroup.html 
A cluster placement group is a logical grouping of instances within a single Availability Zone that 
benefit from low network latency, high network throughput. 
 
 
QUESTION 81 
A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to make an existing application highly available and 
resilient. The current version of the application resides in the company's data center. The 
application recently experienced data loss after a database server crashed because of an 
unexpected power outage. The company needs a solution that avoids any single points of failure. 
The solution must give the application the ability to scale to meet user demand. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across 
multiple Availability Zones.  
Use an Amazon RDS DB instance in a Multi-AZ configuration. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
45 
B. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group in a 
single Availability Zone.  
Deploy the database on an EC2 instance.  
Enable EC2 Auto Recovery. 
C. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across 
multiple Availability Zones.  
Use an Amazon RDS DB instance with a read replica in a single Availability Zone.  
Promote the read replica to replace the primary DB instance if the primary DB instance fails. 
D. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across 
multiple Availability Zones. 
Deploy the primary and secondary database servers on EC2 instances across multiple 
Availability Zones. 
Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Multi-Attach to create shared storage between 
the instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
To make an existing application highly available and resilient while avoiding any single points of 
failure and giving the application the ability to scale to meet user demand, the best solution would 
be to deploy the application servers using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group 
across multiple Availability Zones and use an Amazon RDS DB instance in a Multi-AZ 
configuration. 
 
By using an Amazon RDS DB instance in a Multi-AZ configuration, the database is automatically 
replicated across multiple Availability Zones, ensuring that the database is highly available and 
can withstand the failure of a single Availability Zone. This provides fault tolerance and avoids 
any single points of failure. 
 
 
QUESTION 82 
A company wants to run a gaming application on Amazon EC2 instances that are part of an Auto 
Scaling group in the AWS Cloud. The application will transmit data by using UDP packets. The 
company wants to ensure that the application can scale out and in as traffic increases and 
decreases. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Attach a Network Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group 
B. Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group. 
C. Deploy an Amazon Route 53 record set with a weighted policy to route traffic appropriately 
D. Deploy a NAT instance that is configured with port forwarding to the EC2 instances in the Auto 
Scaling group. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 83 
A solutions architect is designing a customer-facing application for a company. The application's 
database will have a clearly defined access pattern throughout the year and will have a variable 
number of reads and writes that depend on the time of year. The company must retain audit 
records for the database for 7 days. The recovery point objective (RPO) must be less than 5 
hours. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon DynamoDB with auto scaling. 
Use on-demand backups and Amazon DynamoDB Streams. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
46 
B. Use Amazon Redshift. Configure concurrency scaling.  
Activate audit logging.  
Perform database snapshots every 4 hours. 
C. Use Amazon RDS with Provisioned IOPS. 
Activate the database auditing parameter.  
Perform database snapshots every 5 hours. 
D. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with auto scaling.  
Activate the database auditing parameter 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 84 
A company hosts a two-tier application on Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon RDS. The 
application's demand varies based on the time of day. The load is minimal after work hours and 
on weekends. The EC2 instances run in an EC2 Auto Scaling group that is configured with a 
minimum of two instances and a maximum of five instances. The application must be available at 
all times, but the company is concerned about overall cost. 
 
Which solution meets the availability requirement MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use all EC2 Spot Instances.  
Stop the RDS database when it is not in use. 
B. Purchase EC2 Instance Savings Plans to cover five EC2 instances.  
Purchase an RDS Reserved DB Instance 
C. Purchase two EC2 Reserved Instances. 
Use up to three additional EC2 Spot Instances as needed. 
Stop the RDS database when it is not in use. 
D. Purchase EC2 Instance Savings Plans to cover two EC2 instances.  
Use up to three additional EC2 On-Demand Instances as needed.  
Purchase an RDS Reserved DB Instance. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 85 
A company has an ecommerce checkout workflow that writes an order to a database and calls a 
service to process the payment. Users are experiencing timeouts during the checkout process.  
When users resubmit the checkout form, multiple unique orders are created for the same desired 
transaction. 
 
How should a solutions architect refactor this workflow to prevent the creation of multiple orders? 
 
A. Configure the web application to send an order message to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose.  
Set the payment service to retrieve the message from Kinesis Data Firehose and process the 
order. 
B. Create a rule in AWS CloudTrail to invoke an AWS Lambda function based on the logged 
application path request. 
Use Lambda to query the database, call the payment service, and pass in the order information. 
C. Store the order in the database.  
Send a message that includes the order number to Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS).  
Set the payment service to poll Amazon SNS. retrieve the message, and process the order. 
D. Store the order in the database.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
47 
Send a message that includes the order number to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) FIFO queue.  
Set the payment service to retrieve the message and process the order.  
Delete the message from the queue. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
This approach ensures that the order creation and payment processing steps are separate and 
atomic. By sending the order information to an SQS FIFO queue, the payment service can 
process the order one at a time and in the order they were received. If the payment service is 
unable to process an order, it can be retried later, preventing the creation of multiple orders. The 
deletion of the message from the queue after it is processed will prevent the same message from 
being processed multiple times. 
It's worth noting that FIFO queues guarantee that messages are processed in the order they are 
received, and prevent duplicates. 
 
 
QUESTION 86 
A company is planning to build a high performance computing (HPC) workload as a service 
solution that Is hosted on AWS.  
A group of 16 AmazonEC2Ltnux Instances requires the lowest possible latency for node-to-node 
communication.  
The instances also need a shared block device volume for high-performing storage. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use a duster placement group.  
Attach a single Provisioned IOPS SSD Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume to all 
the instances by using Amazon EBS Multi-Attach. 
B. Use a cluster placement group.  
Create shared 'lie systems across the instances by using Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon 
EFS). 
C. Use a partition placement group.  
Create shared tile systems across the instances by using Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon 
EFS). 
D. Use a spread placement group.  
Attach a single Provisioned IOPS SSD Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume to all 
the instances by using Amazon EBS Multi-Attach. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 87 
A company has an event-driven application that invokes AWS Lambda functions up to 800 times 
each minute with varying runtimes.  
The Lambda functions access data that is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL OB cluster.  
The company is noticing connection timeouts as user activity increases The database shows no 
signs of being overloaded. CPU, memory, and disk access metrics are all low.  
Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Adjust the size of the Aurora MySQL nodes to handle more connections.  
Configure retry logic in the Lambda functions for attempts to connect to the database. 
B. Set up Amazon ElastiCache tor Redls to cache commonly read items from the database.  
Configure the Lambda functions to connect to ElastiCache for reads. 
C. Add an Aurora Replica as a reader node.  
Configure the Lambda functions to connect to the reader endpoint of the OB cluster rather than 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
48 
lo the writer endpoint. 
D. Use Amazon ROS Proxy to create a proxy.  
Set the DB cluster as the target database. 
Configure the Lambda functions lo connect to the proxy rather than to the DB cluster. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 88 
A company is building a containerized application on premises and decides to move the 
application to AWS.  
The application will have thousands of users soon after li is deployed.  
The company Is unsure how to manage the deployment of containers at scale. The company 
needs to deploy the containerized application in a highly available architecture that minimizes 
operational overhead. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Store container images In an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) repository. 
Use an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the AWS Fargate launch 
type to run the containers.  
Use target tracking to scale automatically based on demand. 
B. Store container images in an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) repository.  
Use an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Amazon EC2 launch 
type to run the containers.  
Use target tracking to scale automatically based on demand. 
C. Store container images in a repository that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance.  
Run the containers on EC2 instances that are spread across multiple Availability Zones.  
Monitor the average CPU utilization in Amazon CloudWatch.  
Launch new EC2 instances as needed. 
D. Create an Amazon EC2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that contains the container image. 
Launch EC2 Instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones.  
Use an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to scale out EC2 instances when the average CPU 
utilization threshold is breached. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Fargate is a technology that you can use with Amazon ECS to run containers without 
having to manage servers or clusters of Amazon EC2 instances. With Fargate, you no longer 
have to provision, configure, or scale clusters of virtual machines to run containers. This removes 
the need to choose server types, decide when to scale your clusters, or optimize cluster packing. 
 
 
QUESTION 89 
A company's application Is having performance issues. The application staleful and needs to 
complete m-memory tasks on Amazon EC2 instances. The company used AWS CloudFormation 
to deploy infrastructure and used the M5 EC2 Instance family. As traffic increased, the application 
performance degraded. Users are reporting delays when the users attempt to access the 
application.  
Which solution will resolve these issues in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Replace the EC2 Instances with T3 EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group.  
Made the changes by using the AWS Management Console. 
B. Modify the CloudFormation templates to run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group.  
Increase the desired capacity and the maximum capacity of the Auto Scaling group manually 
when an increase is necessary. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
49 
C. Modify the CloudFormation templates.  
Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances.  
Use Amazon CloudWatch built-in EC2 memory metrics to track the application performance for 
future capacity planning. 
D. Modify the CloudFormation templates.  
Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances.  
Deploy the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the EC2 instances to generate custom application 
latency metrics for future capacity planning. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
EC2 do not provide by default memory metrics to CloudWatch and require the CloudWatch Agent 
to be installed on the monitored instances. 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/cloudwatch-memory-metrics-ec2/ 
 
 
QUESTION 90 
An ecommerce company has an order-processing application that uses Amazon API Gateway 
and an AWS Lambda function.  
The application stores data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database.  
During a recent sales event, a sudden surge in customer orders occurred.  
Some customers experienced timeouts and the application did not process the orders of those 
customers.  
A solutions architect determined that the CPU utilization and memory utilization were high on the 
database because of a large number of open connections.  
The solutions architect needs to prevent the timeout errors while making the least possible 
changes to the application. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function. 
Modify the database to be a global database in multiple AWS Regions. 
B. Use Amazon RDS Proxy to create a proxy for the database.  
Modify the Lambda function to use the RDS Proxy endpoint instead of the database endpoint. 
C. Create a read replica for the database in a different AWS Region.  
Use query string parameters in API Gateway to route traffic to the read replica. 
D. Migrate the data from Aurora PostgreSQL to Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database.  
Migration Service (AWS DMS) Modify the Lambda function to use the OynamoDB table. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Many applications, including those built on modern serverless architectures, can have a large 
number of open connections to the database server and may open and close database 
connections at a high rate, exhausting database memory and compute resources. Amazon RDS 
Proxy allows applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving 
database efficiency and application scalability. 
https://aws.amazon.com/id/rds/proxy/ 
 
 
QUESTION 91 
A company runs a global web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load 
Balancer. 
The application stores data in Amazon Aurora.  
The company needs to create a disaster recovery solution and can tolerate up to 30 minutes of 
downtime and potential data loss.  
The solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
50 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the application with the required infrastructure elements in place. 
Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover.  
Create an Aurora Replica in a second AWS Region. 
B. Host a scaled-down deployment of the application in a second AWS Region.  
Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover.  
Create an Aurora Replica in the second Region. 
C. Replicate the primary infrastructure in a second AWS Region.  
Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover.  
Create an Aurora database that is restored from the latest snapshot. 
D. Back up data with AWS Backup.  
Use the backup to create the required infrastructure in a second AWS Region.  
Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover. 
Create an Aurora second primary instance in the second Region. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover-types.html 
 
 
QUESTION 92 
A company wants to measure the effectiveness of its recent marketing campaigns.  
The company performs batch processing on csv files of sales data and stores the results in an 
Amazon S3 bucket once every hour.  
The S3 bipetabytes of objects. The company runs one-time queries in Amazon Athena to 
determine which products are most popular on a particular date for a particular region Queries 
sometimes fail or take longer than expected to finish.  
Which actions should a solutions architect take to improve the query performance and reliability? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Reduce the S3 object sizes to less than 126 MB 
B. Partition the data by date and region in Amazon S3 
C. Store the files as large, single objects in Amazon S3. 
D. Use Amazon Kinosis Data Analytics to run the Queries as pan of the batch processing operation
E. Use an AWS duo extract, transform, and load (ETL) process to convert the csv files into Apache 
Parquet format. 
 
Answer: CE 
 
 
QUESTION 93 
A company is running several business applications in three separate VPCs within the us-east-1 
Region. The applications must be able to communicate between VPCs. The applications also 
must be able to consistently send hundreds of gigabytes of data each day to a latency-sensitive 
application that runs in a single on- premises data center. 
A solutions architect needs to design a network connectivity solution that maximizes cost-
effectiveness. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Configure three AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections from the data center to AWS. 
Establish connectivity by configuring one VPN connection for each VPC. 
B. Launch a third-party virtual network appliance in each VPC. 
Establish an iPsec VPN tunnel between the Data center and each virtual appliance. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
51 
C. Set up three AWS Direct Connect connections from the data center to a Direct Connect 
gateway in us-east-1. 
Establish connectivity by configuring each VPC to use one of the Direct Connect connections. 
D. Set up one AWS Direct Connect connection from the data center to AWS.  
Create a transit gateway, and attach each VPC to the transit gateway.  
Establish connectivity between the Direct Connect connection and the transit gateway. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-vpc-connectivity-options/aws-direct-
connect-aws-transit-gateway.html 
 
 
QUESTION 94 
An online photo application lets users upload photos and perform image editing operations. The 
application offers two classes of service free and paid Photos submitted by paid users are 
processed before those submitted by free users Photos are uploaded to Amazon S3 and the job 
information is sent to Amazon SQS. 
Which configuration should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Use one SQS FIFO queue. 
Assign a higher priority to the paid photos so they are processed first 
B. Use two SQS FIFO queues: one for paid and one for free. 
Set the free queue to use short polling and the paid queue to use long polling 
C. Use two SQS standard queues one for paid and one for free. 
Configure Amazon EC2 instances to prioritize polling for the paid queue over the free queue. 
D. Use one SQS standard queue. 
Set the visibility timeout of the paid photos to zero. 
Configure Amazon EC2 instances to prioritize visibility settings so paid photos are processed 
first 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Priority: Use separate queues to provide prioritization of work. 
 
 
QUESTION 95 
A company hosts its product information webpages on AWS. The existing solution uses multiple 
Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer in an Auto Scaling group. The 
website also uses a custom DNS name and communicates with HTTPS only using a dedicated 
SSL certificate. The company is planning a new product launch and wants to be sure that users 
from around the world have the best possible experience on the new website. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Redesign the application to use Amazon CloudFront 
B. Redesign the application to use AWS Elastic Beanstalk 
C. Redesign the application to use a Network Load Balancer. 
D. Redesign the application to use Amazon S3 static website hosting 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
as CloudFront can help provide the best experience for global users. CloudFront integrates 
seamlessly with ALB and provides and option to use custom DNS and SSL certs. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
52 
 
QUESTION 96 
A company has 150 TB of archived image data stored on-premises that needs to be moved to the 
AWS Cloud within the next month. 
The company's current network connection allows up to 100 Mbps uploads for this purpose 
during the night only. 
What is the MOST cost-effective mechanism to move this data and meet the migration deadline? 
 
A. Use AWS Snowmobile to ship the data to AWS. 
B. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices to ship the data to AWS. 
C. Enable Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration and securely upload the data. 
D. Create an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint and establish a VPN to upload the data 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
eg.6 hrs night 
6 hrs*60min/hr=360 min 
360 min*60 sec/min=21600 sec 
100 Mbps*21600 s=2160000Mb 
or 2160 Gb or 2.1 TB can only be done 
 
So, for 150 TB, we can use 2 X Snowball Edge Storage Optimised devices. 
 
Size of Snowball Edge Storage Optimised device=80 TB Size of Snowball Edge Compute 
Optimised device= 40 TB Size of Snowcone =8 TB 
Size of Snowmobile =100 PB (1 PB=1000 TB) 
 
Q: How should I choose between Snowmobile and Snowball? 
To migrate large datasets of 10PB or more in a single location, you should use Snowmobile. For 
datasets less than 10PB or distributed in multiple locations, you should use Snowball. In addition, 
you should evaluate the amount of available bandwidth in your network backbone. If you have a 
high speed backbone with hundreds of Gb/s of spare throughput, then you can use Snowmobile 
to migrate the large datasets all at once. If you have limited bandwidth on your backbone, you 
should consider using multiple Snowballs to migrate the data incrementally. 
 
 
QUESTION 97 
A company hosts its web application on AWS using seven Amazon EC2 instances. The company 
requires that the IP addresses of all healthy EC2 instances be returned in response to DNS 
queries. Which policy should be used to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Simple routing policy 
B. Latency routing policy 
C. Multivalue routing policy 
D. Geolocation routing policy 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/multivalue-versus-simple-policies/ 
"Use a multivalue answer routing policy to help distribute DNS responses across multiple 
resources. 
For example, use multivalue answer routing when you want to associate your routing records with 
a Route 53 health check." 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy.html#routing-policy-
multivalue 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
53 
 
 
QUESTION 98 
A company wants to use AWS Systems Manager to manage a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. 
According to the company's security requirements, no EC2 instances can have internet access. A 
solutions architect needs to design network connectivity from the EC2 instances to Systems 
Manager while fulfilling this security obligation. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the EC2 instances into a private subnet with no route to the internet. 
B. Configure an interface VPC endpoint for Systems Manager. 
Update routes to use the endpoint. 
C. Deploy a NAT gateway into a public subnet. 
Configure private subnets with a default route to the NAT gateway. 
D. Deploy an internet gateway. 
Configure a network ACL to deny traffic to all destinations except Systems Manager. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
VPC Peering connections 
VPC interface endpoints can be accessed through both intra-Region and inter-Region VPC 
peering connections. 
VPC Gateway Endpoint connections can't be extended out of a VPC. Resources on the other 
side of a VPC peering connection in your VPC can't use the gateway endpoint to communicate 
with resources in the gateway endpoint service. 
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/setup-create-
vpc.html 
 
 
QUESTION 99 
A company needs to build a reporting solution on AWS. The solution must support SQL queries 
that data analysts run on the data. 
The data analysts will run lower than 10 total queries each day. The company generates 3 GB of 
new data daily in an on-premises relational database. This data needs to be transferred to AWS 
to perform reporting tasks. 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost? 
 
A. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to replicate the data from the on-premises 
database into Amazon S3. 
Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 
B. Use an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to deliver the data into an Amazon 
Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES) cluster Run the queries in Amazon ES. 
C. Export a daily copy of the data from the on-premises database. 
Use an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway to store and copy the export into Amazon S3. 
Use an Amazon EMR cluster to query the data. 
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to replicate the data from the on-premises 
database and load it into an Amazon Redshift cluster. 
Use the Amazon Redshift cluster to query the data. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_Target.Redshift.html 
AWS DMS cannot migrate or replicate changes to a schema with a name that begins with 
underscore (_). If you have schemas that have a name that begins with an underscore, use 
mapping transformations to rename the schema on the target. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
54 
Amazon Redshift doesn't support VARCHARs larger than 64 KB. LOBs from traditional 
databases can't be stored in Amazon Redshift. 
Applying a DELETE statement to a table with a multi-column primary key is not supported when 
any of the primary key column names use a reserved word. Go here to see a list of Amazon 
Redshift reserved words. 
You may experience performance issues if your source system performs UPDATE operations on 
the primary key of a source table. These performance issues occur when applying changes to the 
target. This is because UPDATE (and DELETE) operations depend on the primary key value to 
identify the target row. If you update the primary key of a source table, your task log will contain 
messages like the following: 
Update on table 1 changes PK to a PK that was previously updated in the same bulk update. 
DMS doesn't support custom DNS names when configuring an endpoint for a Redshift cluster, 
and you need to use the Amazon provided DNS name. Since the Amazon Redshift cluster must 
be in the same AWS account and Region as the replication instance, validation fails if you use a 
custom DNS endpoint. 
 
 
QUESTION 100 
A company wants to monitor its AWS costs for financial review. The cloud operations team is 
designing an architecture in the AWS Organizations management account to query AWS Cost 
and Usage Reports for all member accounts. 
The team must run this query once a month and provide a detailed analysis of the bill. 
Which solution is the MOST scalable and cost-effective way to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable Cost and Usage Reports in the management account. 
Deliver reports to Amazon Kinesis. 
Use Amazon EMR for analysis. 
B. Enable Cost and Usage Reports in the management account. 
Deliver the reports to Amazon S3. 
Use Amazon Athena for analysis. 
C. Enable Cost and Usage Reports for member accounts. 
Deliver the reports to Amazon S3. 
Use Amazon Redshift for analysis. 
D. Enable Cost and Usage Reports for member accounts. 
Deliver the reports to Amazon Kinesis. 
Use Amazon QuickSight for analysis. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cur/latest/userguide/what-is-cur.html 
If you are an administrator of an AWS Organizations management account and do not want any 
of the member accounts in your Organization to set-up a CUR you can do one of the following: 
(Recommended) If you've opted into Organizations with all features enabled, you can apply a 
Service Control Policy (SCP). Note that SCPs only apply to member accounts and if you want to 
restrict any IAM users associated with the management account from setting up a CUR, you'll 
need to adjust their specific IAM permissions. SCPs also are not retroactive, so they will not de-
activate any CURs a member account may have set-up prior to the SCP being applied. 
Submit a customer support case to block access to billing data in the Billing console for member 
accounts. This is a list of organizations where the payer account prevents member accounts in its 
organization from viewing billing data on the Bills and Invoices pages. This also prevents those 
accounts from setting up Cost and Usage Reports. This option is only available for organizations 
without all features enabled. Please note that if you have already opted into this to prevent 
member accounts from viewing bills and invoices in the Billing Console, you do not need to 
request this access again. Those same member accounts will also be prevented from setting up a 
Cost and Usage Report. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
55 
 
 
QUESTION 101 
A company collects data for temperature, humidity, and atmospheric pressure in cities across 
multiple continents. The average volume of data that the company collects from each site daily is 
500 GB. Each site has a high-speed Internet connection. 
The company wants to aggregate the data from all these global sites as quickly as possible in a 
single Amazon S3 bucket. The solution must minimize operational complexity. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Turn on S3 Transfer Acceleration on the destination S3 bucket.  
Use multipart uploads to directly upload site data to the destination S3 bucket. 
B. Upload the data from each site to an S3 bucket in the closest Region.  
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket.  
Then remove the data from the origin S3 bucket. 
C. Schedule AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device jobs daily to transfer data from each 
site to the closest Region.  
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy objects to the destination S3 bucket. 
D. Upload the data from each site to an Amazon EC2 instance in the closest Region.  
Store the data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume.  
At regular intervals, take an EBS snapshot and copy it to the Region that contains the 
destination S3 bucket.  
Restore the EBS volume in that Region. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You might want to use Transfer Acceleration on a bucket for various reasons, including the 
following: 
- You have customers that upload to a centralized bucket from all over the world. 
- You transfer gigabytes to terabytes of data on a regular basis across continents. 
- You are unable to utilize all of your available bandwidth over the Internet when uploading to 
Amazon S3. 
 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/transfer-acceleration.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/transfer-
acceleration/#:~:text=S3%20Transfer%20Acceleration%20(S3TA)%20reduces,to%20S3%20for%
20remote%20applications 
"Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration can speed up content transfers to and from Amazon S3 by as 
much as 50-500% for long-distance transfer of larger objects. Customers who have either web or 
mobile applications with widespread users or applications hosted far away from their S3 bucket 
can experience long and variable upload and download speeds over the Internet" 
 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/mpuoverview.html 
"Improved throughput -You can upload parts in parallel to improve throughput." 
 
 
QUESTION 102 
A company needs the ability to analyze the log files of its proprietary application. The logs are 
stored in JSON format in an Amazon S3 bucket Queries will be simple and will run on-demand. 
A solutions architect needs to perform the analysis with minimal changes to the existing 
architecture. 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of 
operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon Redshift to load all the content into one place and run the SQL queries as needed 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
56 
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to store the logs 
Run SQL queries as needed from the Amazon CloudWatch console 
C. Use Amazon Athena directly with Amazon S3 to run the queries as needed 
D. Use AWS Glue to catalog the logs 
Use a transient Apache Spark cluster on Amazon EMR to run the SQL queries as needed 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon Athena is an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze data directly in 
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) using standard SQL. With a few actions in the 
AWS Management Console, you can point Athena at your data stored in Amazon S3 and begin 
using standard SQL to run ad-hoc queries and get results in seconds. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/what-is.html 
 
 
QUESTION 103 
A company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts for different 
departments. The management account has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains project reports. 
The company wants to limit access to this S3 bucket to only users of accounts within the 
organization in AWS Organizations. 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead? 
 
A. Add the aws:PrincipalOrgID global condition key with a reference to the organization ID to the 
S3 bucket policy. 
B. Create an organizational unit (OU) for each department. 
Add the aws:PrincipalOrgPaths global condition key to the S3 bucket policy. 
C. Use AWS CloudTrail to monitor the CreateAccount, InviteAccountToOrganization, 
LeaveOrganization, and RemoveAccountFromOrganization events.  
Update the S3 bucket policy accordingly. 
D. Tag each user that needs access to the S3 bucket. 
Add the aws:PrincipalTag global condition key to the S3 bucket policy. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/control-access-to-aws-resources-by-using-the-aws-
organization-of-iam-principals/ 
 
The aws:PrincipalOrgID global key provides an alternative to listing all the account IDs for all 
AWS accounts in an organization.  
For example, the following Amazon S3 bucket policy allows members of any account in the XXX 
organization to add an object into the examtopics bucket. 
 
{"Version": "2020-09-10", 
"Statement": { 
"Sid": "AllowPutObject", 
"Effect": "Allow", 
"Principal": "*", 
"Action": "s3:PutObject", 
"Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::examtopics/*", 
"Condition": {"StringEquals": 
{"aws:PrincipalOrgID":["XXX"]}}}} 
 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_condition-keys.html 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
57 
QUESTION 104 
An application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a VPC. The application processes logs that 
are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The EC2 instance needs to access the S3 bucket without 
connectivity to the internet. 
Which solution will provide private network connectivity to Amazon S3? 
 
A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint to the S3 bucket. 
B. Stream the logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Export the logs to the S3 bucket. 
C. Create an instance profile on Amazon EC2 to allow S3 access. 
D. Create an Amazon API Gateway API with a private link to access the S3 endpoint. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can access Amazon S3 from your VPC using gateway VPC endpoints. After you create the 
gateway endpoint, you can add it as a target in your route table for traffic destined from your VPC 
to Amazon S3. 
You can create a policy that restricts access to specific IP address ranges by using the 
aws:VpcSourceIp condition key. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/vpc-endpoints-s3.html 
 
 
QUESTION 105 
A company is hosting a web application on AWS using a single Amazon EC2 instance that stores 
user-uploaded documents in an Amazon EBS volume. For better scalability and availability, the 
company duplicated the architecture and created a second EC2 instance and EBS volume in 
another Availability Zone, placing both behind an Application Load Balancer. After completing this 
change, users reported that, each time they refreshed the website, they could see one subset of 
their documents or the other, but never all of the documents at the same time. 
What should a solutions architect propose to ensure users see all of their documents at once? 
 
A. Copy the data so both EBS volumes contain all the documents. 
B. Configure the Application Load Balancer to direct a user to the server with the documents 
C. Copy the data from both EBS volumes to Amazon EFS.  
Modify the application to save new documents to Amazon EFS 
D. Configure the Application Load Balancer to send the request to both servers.  
Return each document from the correct server. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon EFS provides file storage in the AWS Cloud. With Amazon EFS, you can create a file 
system, mount the file system on an Amazon EC2 instance, and then read and write data to and 
from your file system. You can mount an Amazon EFS file system in your VPC, through the 
Network File System versions 4.0 and 4.1 (NFSv4) protocol. We recommend using a current 
generation Linux NFSv4.1 client, such as those found in the latest Amazon Linux, Redhat, and 
Ubuntu AMIs, in conjunction with the Amazon EFS Mount Helper. For instructions, see Using the 
amazon-efs-utils Tools. 
For a list of Amazon EC2 Linux Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) that support this protocol, see 
NFS Support. For some AMIs, you'll need to install an NFS client to mount your file system on 
your Amazon EC2 instance. For instructions, see Installing the NFS Client. You can access your 
Amazon EFS file system concurrently from multiple NFS clients, so applications that scale 
beyond a single connection can access a file system. Amazon EC2 instances running in multiple 
Availability Zones within the same AWS Region can access the file system, so that many users 
can access and share a common data source. 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
58 
QUESTION 106 
A company uses NFS to store large video files in on-premises network attached storage. Each 
video file ranges in size from 1 MB to 500 GB. The total storage is 70 TB and is no longer 
growing. The company decides to migrate the video files to Amazon S3. The company must 
migrate the video files as soon as possible while using the least possible network bandwidth. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an S3 bucket. 
Create an IAM role that has permissions to write to the S3 bucket.  
Use the AWS CLI to copy all files locally to the S3 bucket. 
B. Create an AWS Snowball Edge job.  
Receive a Snowball Edge device on premises.  
Use the Snowball Edge client to transfer data to the device.  
Return the device so that AWS can import the data into Amazon S3. 
C. Deploy an S3 File Gateway on premises.  
Create a public service endpoint to connect to the S3 File Gateway. 
Create an S3 bucket. 
Create a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway. 
Point the new file share to the S3 bucket.  
Transfer the data from the existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway. 
D. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises network and AWS.  
Deploy an S3 File Gateway on premises.  
Create a public virtual interlace (VIF) to connect to the S3 File Gateway. 
Create an S3 bucket.  
Create a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway.  
Point the new file share to the S3 bucket.  
Transfer the data from the existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Option B: As using the least possible network bandwidth. 
On a Snowball Edge device you can copy files with a speed of up to 100 Gbps. 70 TB will take 
around 5600 seconds, so very quickly, less than 2 hours. The downside is that it'll take between 
4-6 working days to receive the device and then another 2-3 working days to send it back and for 
AWS to move the data onto S3 once it reaches them. Total time: 6-9 working days. Bandwidth 
used: 0. 
 
 
QUESTION 107 
A company has an application that ingests incoming messages. Dozens of other applications and 
microservices then quickly consume these messages. The number of messages varies drastically 
and sometimes increases suddenly to 100,000 each second. The company wants to decouple the 
solution and increase scalability. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Persist the messages to Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics.  
Configure the consumer applications to read and process the messages. 
B. Deploy the ingestion application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group to scale 
the number of EC2 instances based on CPU metrics. 
C. Write the messages to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams with a single shard.  
Use an AWS Lambda function to preprocess messages and store them in Amazon DynamoDB. 
Configure the consumer applications to read from DynamoDB to process the messages. 
D. Publish the messages to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic with 
multiple Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) subscriptions.  
Configure the consumer applications to process the messages from the queues. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
59 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
"SNS Standard Topic" 
Maximum throughput: Standard topics support a nearly unlimited number of messages per 
second. 
https://aws.amazon.com/sns/features/ 
"SQS Standard Queue" 
Unlimited Throughput: Standard queues support a nearly unlimited number of transactions per 
second (TPS) per API action. 
https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/features/ 
 
 
QUESTION 108 
A company is migrating a distributed application to AWS. The application serves variable 
workloads. The legacy platform consists of a primary server that coordinates jobs across multiple 
compute nodes. The company wants to modernize the application with a solution that maximizes 
resiliency and scalability. 
How should a solutions architect design the architecture to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as a destination for the 
jobs. 
Implement the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are managed in an Auto 
Scaling group.  
Configure EC2 Auto Scaling to use scheduled scaling. 
B. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as a destination for the 
jobs. 
Implement the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 Instances that are managed in an Auto 
Scaling group. 
Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the size of the queue. 
C. Implement the primary server and the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are 
managed in an Auto Scaling group. 
Configure AWS CloudTrail as a destination for the fobs . 
Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the load on the primary server. 
D. implement the primary server and the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are 
managed in an Auto Scaling group. 
Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) as a destination for the jobs. 
Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the load on the compute nodes. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon SQS is a fully managed message queue service that enables you to decouple and scale 
microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications. By using SQS as the destination 
for the jobs, you can decouple the primary server from the compute nodes, which will increase 
resiliency and scalability. 
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling is a service that automatically increases or decreases the number of 
EC2 instances in your application based on demand. By configuring EC2 Auto Scaling to scale 
based on the size of the SQS queue, you can ensure that the number of compute nodes is 
sufficient to handle the workload. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-using-sqs-queue.html 
 
 
QUESTION 109 
A company is running an SMB file server in its data center. The file server stores large files that 
are accessed frequently for the first few days after the files are created. After 7 days the files are 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
60 
rarely accessed. 
 
The total data size is increasing and is close to the company's total storage capacity. A solutions 
architect must increase the company's available storage space without losing low-latency access 
to the most recently accessed files. The solutions architect must also provide file lifecycle 
management to avoid future storage issues. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync to copy data that is older than 7 days from the SMB file server to AWS. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway to extend the company's storage space.  
Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 7 days. 
C. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system to extend the company's storage 
space. 
D. Install a utility on each user's computer to access Amazon S3.  
Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 7 days. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 File Gateway offers SMB or NFS-based access to data in Amazon S3 with local 
caching.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/filegateway/latest/files3/CreatingAnSMBFileShare.html 
 
 
QUESTION 110 
A company is building an ecommerce web application on AWS. The application sends 
information about new orders to an Amazon API Gateway REST API to process. The company 
wants to ensure that orders are processed in the order that they are received. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an API Gateway integration to publish a message to an Amazon Simple Notification 
Service (Amazon SNS) topic when the application receives an order.  
Subscribe an AWS Lambda function to the topic to perform processing. 
B. Use an API Gateway integration to send a message to an Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) FIFO queue when the application receives an order.  
Configure the SQS FIFO queue to invoke an AWS Lambda function for processing. 
C. Use an API Gateway authorizer to block any requests while the application processes an order. 
D. Use an API Gateway integration to send a message to an Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) standard queue when the application receives an order.  
Configure the SQS standard queue to invoke an AWS Lambda function for processing. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
SQS FIFO queue guarantees message order. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFO-
queues.html 
 
 
QUESTION 111 
A company has an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances and uses an Amazon Aurora 
database. The EC2 instances connect to the database by using user names and passwords that 
are stored locally in a file. The company wants to minimize the operational overhead of credential 
management. 
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
61 
 
A. Use AWS Secrets Manager.  
Turn on automatic rotation. 
B. Use AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.  
Turn on automatic rotation. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket lo store objects that are encrypted with an AWS Key.  
Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key.  
Migrate the credential file to the S3 bucket.  
Point the application to the S3 bucket. 
D. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume or each EC2 instance. 
Attach the new EBS volume to each EC2 instance.  
Migrate the credential file to the new EBS volume. 
Point the application to the new EBS volume. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Secrets Manager is a secrets management service that helps you protect access to your 
applications, services, and IT resources. This service enables you to rotate, manage, and retrieve 
database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle. 
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/security/how-to-connect-to-aws-secrets-manager-service-
within-a-virtual-private-cloud/ 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/rotate-amazon-rds-database-credentials-automatically-
with-aws-secrets-manager/ 
 
 
QUESTION 112 
A global company hosts its web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application 
Load Balancer (ALB). The web application has static data and dynamic data. The company 
stores its static data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to improve performance and 
reduce latency for the static data and dynamic data. The company is using its own domain name 
registered with Amazon Route 53. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the S3 bucket and the ALB as origins.  
Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the CloudFront distribution. 
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the ALB as an origin. 
Create an AWS Global Accelerator standard accelerator that has the S3 bucket as an endpoint. 
Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the CloudFront distribution. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the S3 bucket as an origin. 
Create an AWS Global Accelerator standard accelerator that has the ALB and the CloudFront 
distribution as endpoints. 
Create a custom domain name that points to the accelerator DNS name. 
Use the custom domain name as an endpoint for the web application. 
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has the ALB as an origin. 
Create an AWS Global Accelerator standard accelerator that has the S3 bucket as an endpoint. 
Create two domain names. 
Point one domain name to the CloudFront DNS name for dynamic content. 
Point the other domain name to the accelerator DNS name for static content. 
Use the domain names as endpoints for the web application. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Global Accelerator vs CloudFront 
 They both use the AWS global network and its edge locations around the world 
 Both services integrate with AWS Shield for DDoS protection. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
62 
 CloudFront 
 Improves performance for both cacheable content (such as images and videos) 
 Dynamic content (such as API acceleration and dynamic site delivery) 
 Content is served at the edge 
 Global Accelerator 
 Improves performance for a wide range of applications over TCP or UDP 
 Proxying packets at the edge to applications running in one or more AWS Regions. 
 Good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP 
 Good for HTTP use cases that require static IP addresses 
 Good for HTTP use cases that required deterministic, fast regional failover 
 
 
QUESTION 113 
A company performs monthly maintenance on its AWS infrastructure. During these maintenance 
activities, the company needs to rotate the credentials tor its Amazon ROS tor MySQL databases 
across multiple AWS Regions. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Store the credentials as secrets in AWS Secrets Manager. 
Use multi-Region secret replication for the required Regions. 
Configure Secrets Manager to rotate the secrets on a schedule. 
B. Store the credentials as secrets in AWS Systems Manager by creating a secure string 
parameter. 
Use multi-Region secret replication for the required Regions. 
Configure Systems Manager to rotate the secrets on a schedule. 
C. Store the credentials in an Amazon S3 bucket that has server-side encryption (SSE) enabled.  
Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke an AWS Lambda function to 
rotate the credentials. 
D. Encrypt the credentials as secrets by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) multi-
Region customer managed keys. 
Store the secrets in an Amazon DynamoDB global table. 
Use an AWS Lambda function to retrieve the secrets from DynamoDB. 
Use the RDS API to rotate the secrets. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Secrets Manager meant for storing secrets, Capability to force rotation of secrets every X 
days, Automate generation of secrets on rotation (uses Lambda), Integration with Amazon RDS 
(MySQL, PostgreSQL, Aurora). 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-replicate-secrets-aws-secrets-manager-multiple-
regions/ 
 
 
QUESTION 114 
A company is planning to run a group of Amazon EC2 instances that connect to an Amazon 
Aurora database. The company has built an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy the EC2 
instances and the Aurora DB cluster. The company wants to allow the instances to authenticate 
to the database in a secure way. The company does not want to maintain static database 
credentials. 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational effort? 
 
A. Create a database user with a user name and password. 
Add parameters for the database user name and password to the CloudFormation template. 
Pass the parameters to the EC2 instances when the instances are launched. 
B. Create a database user with a user name and password. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
63 
Store the user name and password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. 
Configure the EC2 instances to retrieve the database credentials from Parameter Store. 
C. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication. 
Create a database user to use with IAM authentication. 
Associate a role with the EC2 instances to allow applications on the instances to access the 
database. 
D. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication with an IAM user. 
Create a database user that has a name that matches the IAM user. 
Associate the IAM user with the EC2 instances to allow applications on the instances to access 
the database. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Finally, you need a way to instruct CloudFormation to complete stack creation only after all the 
services (such as Apache and MySQL) are running and not after all the stack resources are 
created. In other words, if you use the template from the earlier section to launch a stack, 
CloudFormation sets the status of the stack as CREATE_COMPLETE after it successfully 
creates all the resources. However, if one or more services failed to start, CloudFormation still 
sets the stack status as CREATE_COMPLETE. To prevent the status from changing to 
CREATE_COMPLETE until all the services have successfully started, you can add a 
CreationPolicy attribute to the instance. This attribute puts the instance's status in 
CREATE_IN_PROGRESS until CloudFormation receives the required number of success signals 
or the timeout period is exceeded, so you can control when the instance has been successfully 
created. 
Reference: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/deploying.applications.html 
 
 
QUESTION 115 
A solutions architect is designing a shared storage solution for a web application that is deployed 
across multiple Availability Zones. The web application runs on 
Amazon EC2 instances that are in an Auto Scaling group. The company plans to make frequent 
changes to the content. The solution must have strong consistency in returning the new content 
as soon as the changes occur. 
Which solutions meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway Internet Small Computer Systems Interface 
(ISCSI) block storage that is mounted to the individual EC2 instances. 
B. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. 
Mount the EFS file system on the individual EC2 instances. 
C. Create a shared Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. 
Mount the EBS volume on the individual EC2 instances. 
D. Use AWS DataSync to perform continuous synchronization of data between EC2 hosts in the 
Auto Scaling group. 
E. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the web content. 
Set the metadata for the Cache-Control header to no-cache. 
Use Amazon CloudFront to deliver the content. 
 
Answer: AB 
Explanation: 
Reference: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/userguide/WhatIsStorageGateway.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/how-it-works.html 
In this example, the EC2 instance in the us-west-2c Availability Zone will pay EC2 data access 
charges for accessing a mount target in a different Availability Zone. Creating this setup works as 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
64 
follows: 
1. Create your Amazon EC2 resources and launch your Amazon EC2 instance. For more 
information about Amazon EC2, see Amazon EC2. 
2. Create your Amazon EFS file system with One Zone storage. 
3. Connect to each of your Amazon EC2 instances, and mount the Amazon EFS file system using 
the same mount target for each instance. 
 
 
QUESTION 116 
A company that operates a web application on premises is preparing to launch a newer version of 
the application on AWS. The company needs to route requests to either the AWS-hosted or the 
on-premises-hosted application based on the URL query string. The on-premises application is 
not available from the internet, and a VPN connection is established between Amazon VPC and 
the company's data center. The company wants to use an Application Load Balancer (ALB) for 
this launch. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use two ALBs: one for on-premises and one for the AWS resource. 
Add hosts to each target group of each ALB. 
Route with Amazon Route 53 based on the URL query string. 
B. Use two ALBs: one for on-premises and one for the AWS resource. 
Add hosts to the target group of each ALB. 
Create a software router on an EC2 instance based on the URL query string. 
C. Use one ALB with two target groups: one for the AWS resource and one for on premises. 
Add hosts to each target group of the ALB. 
Configure listener rules based on the URL query string. 
D. Use one ALB with two AWS Auto Scaling groups: one for the AWS resource and one for on 
premises. 
Add hosts to each Auto Scaling group. 
Route with Amazon Route 53 based on the URL query string. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-advanced-request-routing-for-aws-application-load-
balancers/ 
The host-based routing feature allows you to write rules that use the Host header to route traffic 
to the desired target group.  
Today we are extending and generalizing this feature, giving you the ability to write rules (and 
route traffic) based on standard and custom HTTP headers and methods, the query string, and 
the source IP address. 
 
 
QUESTION 117 
A company wants to move from many standalone AWS accounts to a consolidated, multi-account 
architecture. The company plans to create many new AWS accounts for different business units. 
The company needs to authenticate access to these AWS accounts by using a centralized 
corporate directory service 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect recommend to meet these 
requirements? (Select TWO ) 
 
A. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations with all features turned on. 
Create the new AWS accounts in the organization. 
B. Set up an Amazon Cognito identity pool. 
Configure AWS Single Sign-On to accept Amazon Cognito authentication. 
C. Configure a service control policy (SCP) to manage the AWS accounts. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
65 
Add AWS Single Sign-On to AWS Directory Service. 
D. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations. 
Configure the organization's authentication mechanism to use AWS Directory Service directly. 
E. Set up AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) in the organization. 
Configure AWS SSO and integrate it with the company's corporate directory service. 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 
SCPs affect only IAM users and roles that are managed by accounts that are part of the 
organization. SCPs don't affect resource-based policies directly. They also don't affect users or 
roles from accounts outside the organization. For example, consider an Amazon S3 bucket that's 
owned by account A in an organization. The bucket policy (a resource-based policy) grants 
access to users from account B outside the organization. Account A has an SCP attached. That 
SCP doesn't apply to those outside users in account B. The SCP applies only to users that are 
managed by account A in the organization. 
 
An SCP restricts permissions for IAM users and roles in member accounts, including the member 
account's root user. Any account has only those permissions permitted by every parent above it. 
If a permission is blocked at any level above the account, either implicitly (by not being included 
in an Allow policy statement) or explicitly (by being included in a Deny policy statement), a user or 
role in the affected account can't use that permission, even if the account administrator attaches 
the AdministratorAccess IAM policy with */* permissions to the user. 
 
Reference: 
https://aws.amazon.com/cognito/ 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html 
 
 
QUESTION 118 
An entertainment company is using Amazon DynamoDB to store media metadata. 
The application is read intensive and experiencing delays. 
The company does not have staff to handle additional operational overhead and needs to 
improve the performance efficiency of DynamoDB without reconfiguring the application. 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis 
B. Use Amazon DynamoDB Accelerate (DAX) 
C. Replicate data by using DynamoDB global tables 
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with Auto Discovery enabled 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Though DynamoDB offers consistent single-digit-millisecond latency, DynamoDB + DAX takes 
performance to the next level with response times in microseconds for millions of requests per 
second for read-heavy workloads. With DAX, your applications remain fast and responsive, even 
when a popular event or news story drives unprecedented request volumes your way. No tuning 
required. 
 
 
QUESTION 119 
A company has an application that provides marketing services to stores. The services are based 
on previous purchases by store customers. The stores upload transaction data to the company 
through SFTP, and the data is processed and analyzed to generate new marketing offers. Some 
of the files can exceed 200 GB in size. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
66 
Recently, the company discovered that some of the stores have uploaded files that contain 
personally identifiable information (PII) that should not have been included. The company wants 
administrators to be alerted if PII is shared again. The company also wants to automate 
remediation. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST development 
effort? 
 
A. Use an Amazon S3 bucket as a secure transfer point.  
Use Amazon Inspector to scan me objects in the bucket.  
If objects contain Pll, trigger an S3 Lifecycle policy to remove the objects that contain Pll. 
B. Use an Amazon S3 bucket as a secure transfer point.  
Use Amazon Macie to scan the objects in the bucket. 
If objects contain Pll, use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to trigger a 
notification to the administrators to remove the objects mat contain Pll. 
C. Implement custom scanning algorithms in an AWS Lambda function.  
Trigger the function when objects are loaded into the bucket.  
If objects contain PII, use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to trigger a 
notification to the administrators to remove the objects that contain PII. 
D. Implement custom scanning algorithms in an AWS Lambda function.  
Trigger the function when objects are loaded into the bucket.  
If objects contain Pll, use Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon STS) to trigger a notification 
to the administrators and trigger on S3 Lifecycle policy to remove the objects mot contain PII. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
To support integration with other services and systems, Macie publishes findings to Amazon 
EventBridge as finding events. 
https://aws.amazon.com/es/macie/faq/ 
 
 
QUESTION 120 
A company needs guaranteed Amazon EC2 capacity in three specific Availability Zones in a 
specific AWS Region for an upcoming event that will last 1 week. 
 
What should the company do to guarantee the EC2 capacity? 
 
A. Purchase Reserved instances that specify the Region needed 
B. Create an On Demand Capacity Reservation that specifies the Region needed 
C. Purchase Reserved instances that specify the Region and three Availability Zones needed 
D. Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation that specifies the Region and three Availability 
Zones needed 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-capacity-reservations.html 
"When you create a Capacity Reservation, you specify: 
The Availability Zone in which to reserve the capacity" 
 
 
QUESTION 121 
A company's website uses an Amazon EC2 instance store for its catalog of items. The company 
wants to make sure that the catalog is highly available and that the catalog is stored in a durable 
location. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
67 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Move the catalog to Amazon ElastiCache for Redis. 
B. Deploy a larger EC2 instance with a larger instance store. 
C. Move the catalog from the instance store to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
D. Move the catalog to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Instance store is not durable, if it goes down then instance store data is lost. 
EFS is the only option here that will provide high availability and durability, plus it can be 
accessed by multiple instances at the same time. 
 
 
QUESTION 122 
A company stores call transcript files on a monthly basis. Users access the files randomly within 1 
year of the call, but users access the files infrequently after 1 year. The company wants to 
optimize its solution by giving users the ability to query and retrieve files that are less than 1-year-
old as quickly as possible. A delay in retrieving older files is acceptable. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Store individual files with tags in Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval.  
Query the tags to retrieve the files from S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval. 
B. Store individual files in Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering.  
Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 1 year.  
Query and retrieve the files that are in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena.  
Query and retrieve the files that are in S3 Glacier by using S3 Glacier Select. 
C. Store individual files with tags in Amazon S3 Standard storage.  
Store search metadata for each archive in Amazon S3 Standard storage.  
Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval after 1 year.  
Query and retrieve the files by searching for metadata from Amazon S3. 
D. Store individual files in Amazon S3 Standard storage.  
Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move the files to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.  
Store search metadata in Amazon RDS. Query the files from Amazon RDS.  
Retrieve the files from S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Users access the files randomly 
S3 Intelligent-Tiering is the ideal storage class for data with unknown, changing, or unpredictable 
access patterns, independent of object size or retention period. You can use S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
as the default storage class for virtually any workload, especially data lakes, data analytics, new 
applications, and user-generated content. 
https://aws.amazon.com/fr/s3/storage-classes/intelligent-tiering/ 
 
 
QUESTION 123 
A company has a production workload that runs on 1,000 Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The 
workload is powered by third-party software. The company needs to patch the third-party 
software on all EC2 instances as quickly as possible to remediate a critical security vulnerability. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
68 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to apply the patch to all EC2 instances. 
B. Configure AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to apply the patch to all EC2 instances. 
C. Schedule an AWS Systems Manager maintenance window to apply the patch to all EC2 
instances. 
D. Use AWS Systems Manager Run Command to run a custom command that applies the patch to 
all EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
For Linux-based operating system types that report a severity level for patches, Patch Manager 
uses the severity level reported by the software publisher for the update notice or individual 
patch. Patch Manager doesn't derive severity levels from third-party sources, such as the 
Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS), or from metrics released by the National 
Vulnerability Database (NVD). 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-patch.html 
 
 
QUESTION 124 
A company is developing an application that provides order shipping statistics for retrieval by a 
REST API. The company wants to extract the shipping statistics, organize the data into an easy-
to-read HTML format, and send the report to several email addresses at the same time every 
morning. 
 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure the application to send the data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. 
B. Use Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to format the data and to send the report by 
email. 
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an 
AWS Glue job to query the application's API for the data. 
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an 
AWS Lambda function to query the application's API for the data. 
E. Store the application data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic as an S3 event destination to send the report by 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
Option B fulfills the email in HTML format requirement (by SES) and D fulfills every morning 
schedule event requirement (by EventBridge). 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ses/latest/dg/send-email-formatted.html 
 
 
QUESTION 125 
A company wants to migrate its on-premises application to AWS. The application produces output 
files that vary in size from tens of gigabytes to hundreds of terabytes The application data must 
be stored in a standard file system structure. The company wants a solution that scales 
automatically, is highly available, and requires minimum operational overhead. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon 
ECS). 
Use Amazon S3 for storage. 
B. Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
69 
EKS). 
Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage. 
C. Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group.  
Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) for storage. 
D. Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group.  
Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
EFS is a standard file system, it scales automatically and is highly available. 
 
 
QUESTION 126 
A company needs to store its accounting records in Amazon S3. The records must be 
immediately accessible for 1 year and then must be archived for an additional 9 years. No one at 
the company, including administrative users and root users, can be able to delete the records 
during the entire 10-year period. The records must be stored with maximum resiliency. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Store the records in S3 Glacier for the entire 10-year period.  
Use an access control policy to deny deletion of the records for a period of 10 years. 
B. Store the records by using S3 Intelligent-Tiering.  
Use an IAM policy to deny deletion of the records. 
After 10 years, change the IAM policy to allow deletion. 
C. Use an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the records from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier Deep 
Archive after 1 year.  
Use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode for a period of 10 years. 
D. Use an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the records from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-
Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 1 year. Use S3 Object Lock in governance mode for a 
period of 10 years. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 127 
A company runs multiple Windows workloads on AWS. The company's employees use Windows 
file shares that are hosted on two Amazon EC2 instances. The file shares synchronize data 
between themselves and maintain duplicate copies. The company wants a highly available and 
durable storage solution that preserves how users currently access the files. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate all the data to Amazon S3. 
Set up IAM authentication for users to access files 
B. Set up an Amazon S3 File Gateway.  
Mount the S3 File Gateway on the existing EC2 Instances. 
C. Extend the file share environment to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server with a Multi-AZ 
configuration.  
Migrate all the data to FSx for Windows File Server. 
D. Extend the file share environment to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with a Multi-AZ 
configuration.  
Migrate all the data to Amazon EFS. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
70 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Windows file shares = Amazon FSx for Windows File Server 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/WindowsGuide/managing-file-shares.html 
 
 
QUESTION 128 
A solutions architect is developing a multiple-subnet VPC architecture. The solution will consist of 
six subnets in two Availability Zones. The subnets are defined as public, private and dedicated for 
databases. Only the Amazon EC2 instances running in the private subnets should be able to 
access a database. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create a now route table that excludes the route to the public subnets' CIDR blocks.  
Associate the route table to the database subnets. 
B. Create a security group that denies ingress from the security group used by instances in the 
public subnets.  
Attach the security group to an Amazon RDS DB instance. 
C. Create a security group that allows ingress from the security group used by instances in the 
private subnets.  
Attach the security group to an Amazon RDS DB instance. 
D. Create a new peering connection between the public subnets and the private subnets.  
Create a different peering connection between the private subnets and the database subnets. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Security groups are stateful. All inbound traffic is blocked by default. If you create an inbound rule 
allowing traffic in, that traffic is automatically allowed back out again. You cannot block specific IP 
address using Security groups (instead use Network Access Control Lists). 
 
"You can specify allow rules, but not deny rules." "When you first create a security group, it has 
no inbound rules. Therefore, no inbound traffic originating from another host to your instance is 
allowed until you add inbound rules to the security group." 
 
Source: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_SecurityGroups.html#VPCSecurityGrou
ps 
 
 
QUESTION 129 
A company has registered its domain name with Amazon Route 53. The company uses Amazon 
API Gateway in the ca-central-1 Region as a public interface for its backend microservice APIs. 
Third-party services consume the APIs securely. The company wants to design its API Gateway 
URL with the company's domain name and corresponding certificate so that the third-party 
services can use HTTPS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create stage variables in API Gateway with Name="Endpoint-URL" and Value="Company 
Domain Name" to overwrite the default URL. Import the public certificate associated with the 
company's domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). 
B. Create Route 53 DNS records with the company's domain name. Point the alias record to the 
Regional API Gateway stage endpoint. Import the public certificate associated with the 
company's domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region. 
C. Create a Regional API Gateway endpoint. Associate the API Gateway endpoint with the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
71 
company's domain name. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain 
name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the same Region. Attach the certificate to the API 
Gateway endpoint. 
Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the API Gateway endpoint. 
D. Create a Regional API Gateway endpoint. Associate the API Gateway endpoint with the 
company's domain name. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain 
name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region. Attach the certificate to the 
API Gateway APIs. 
Create Route 53 DNS records with the company's domain name. Point an A record to the 
company's domain name. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Regional custom domain names must use an SSL/TLS certificate that's in the same AWS Region 
as your API. 
Edge-optimized custom domain names must use a certificate that's in the following Region: US 
East (N. Virginia) (us-east-1). 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-regional-api-custom-
domain-create.html 
 
 
QUESTION 130 
A company is running a popular social media website. The website gives users the ability to 
upload images to share with other users. The company wants to make sure that the images do 
not contain inappropriate content. The company needs a solution that minimizes development 
effort. What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Comprehend to detect inappropriate content.  
Use human review for low-confidence predictions. 
B. Use Amazon Rekognition to detect inappropriate content.  
Use human review for low-confidence predictions. 
C. Use Amazon SageMaker to detect inappropriate content.  
Use ground truth to label low-confidence predictions. 
D. Use AWS Fargate to deploy a custom machine learning model to detect inappropriate content. 
Use ground truth to label low-confidence predictions. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rekognition/latest/dg/moderation.html?pg=ln&sec=ft 
 
 
QUESTION 131 
A company wants to run its critical applications in containers to meet requirements tor scalability 
and availability The company prefers to focus on maintenance of the critical applications. The 
company does not want to be responsible for provisioning and managing the underlying 
infrastructure that runs the containerized workload. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet those requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon EC2 Instances, and Install Docker on the Instances 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on Amazon EC2 worker nodes 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate 
D. Use Amazon EC2 instances from an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)-
op6mized Amazon Machine Image (AMI). 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
72 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Fargate is a serverless, pay-as-you-go compute engine that lets you focus on building 
applications without having to manage servers. AWS Fargate is compatible with Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (ECS) and Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS). 
https://aws.amazon.com/fr/fargate/ 
 
 
QUESTION 132 
A company hosts more than 300 global websites and applications. The company requires a 
platform to analyze more than 30 TB of clickstream data each day. What should a solutions 
architect do to transmit and process the clickstream data? 
 
A. Design an AWS Data Pipeline to archive the data to an Amazon S3 bucket and run an Amazon 
EMR duster with the data to generate analytics 
B. Create an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to process the data and send it to an 
Amazon S3 data lake for Amazon Redshift to use tor analysis 
C. Cache the data to Amazon CloudFron. 
Store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
When an object is added to the S3 bucket, run an AWS Lambda function to process the data tor 
analysis. 
D. Collect the data from Amazon Kinesis Data Streams.  
Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to transmit the data to an Amazon S3 data lake Load the 
data in Amazon Redshift for analysis 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/es/blogs/big-data/real-time-analytics-with-amazon-redshift-streaming-
ingestion/ 
 
 
QUESTION 133 
A company is running a multi-tier ecommerce web application in the AWS Cloud. 
The web application is running on Amazon EC2 instances. 
The database tier Is on a provisioned Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster with a writer and a 
reader in a Multi-AZ environment. 
The new requirement for the database tier is to serve the application to achieve continuous write 
availability through an Instance failover. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this new requirement? 
 
A. Add a new AWS Region to the DB cluster for multiple writes 
B. Add a new reader In the same Availability Zone as the writer. 
C. Migrate the database tier to an Aurora multi-master cluster. 
D. Migrate the database tier to an Aurora DB cluster with parallel query enabled. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Bring-your-own-shard (BYOS) 
A situation where you already have a database schema and associated applications that use 
sharding. You can transfer such deployments relatively easily to Aurora multi-master clusters. In 
this case, you can devote your effort to investigating the Aurora benefits such as server 
consolidation and high availability. You don't need to create new application logic to handle 
multiple connections for write requests. 
Global read-after-write (GRAW) 
A setting that introduces synchronization so that any read operations always see the most current 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
73 
state of the data. By default, the data seen by a read operation in a multi-master cluster is subject 
to replication lag, typically a few milliseconds. During this brief interval, a query on one DB 
instance might retrieve stale data if the same data is modified at the same time by a different DB 
instance. To enable this setting, change aurora_mm_session_consistency_level from its default 
setting of INSTANCE_RAW to REGIONAL_RAW. Doing so ensures cluster-wide consistency for 
read operations regardless of the DB instances that perform the reads and writes. 
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-multi-
master.html 
 
 
QUESTION 134 
A solutions architect observes that a nightly batch processing job is automatically scaled up for 1 
hour before the desired Amazon EC2 capacity is reached. The peak capacity is the same every 
night and the batch jobs always start at 1 AM. The solutions architect needs to find a cost-
effective solution that will allow for the desired EC2 capacity to be reached quickly and allow the 
Auto Scaling group to scale down after the batch jobs are complete. 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Increase the minimum capacity for the Auto Scaling group. 
B. Increase the maximum capacity for the Auto Scaling group. 
C. Configure scheduled scaling to scale up to the desired compute level. 
D. Change the scaling policy to add more EC2 instances during each scaling operation. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
By configuring scheduled scaling, the solutions architect can set the Auto Scaling group to 
automatically scale up to the desired compute level at a specific time (IAM) when the batch job 
starts and then automatically scale down after the job is complete. This will allow the desired EC2 
capacity to be reached quickly and also help in reducing the cost. 
 
 
QUESTION 135 
A company runs an application in the AWS Cloud and uses Amazon DynamoDB as the database. 
The company deploys Amazon EC2 instances to a private network to process data from the 
database. 
The company uses two NAT instances to provide connectivity to DynamoDB. 
The company wants to retire the NAT instances. 
A solutions architect must implement a solution that provides connectivity to DynamoDB and that 
does not require ongoing management. 
What is the MOST cost-effective solution that meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint to provide connectivity to DynamoDB 
B. Configure a managed NAT gateway to provide connectivity to DynamoDB 
C. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection between the private network and DynamoDB 
D. Deploy an AWS PrivateLink endpoint service between the private network and DynamoDB 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS recommends changing from NAT Gateway to VPC endpoints to access S3 or DynamoDB. 
"Determine whether the majority of your NAT gateway charges are from traffic to Amazon Simple 
Storage Service or Amazon DynamoDB in the same Region. If they are, set up a gateway VPC 
endpoint. Route traffic to and from the AWS resource through the gateway VPC endpoint, rather 
than through the NAT gateway. There's no data processing or hourly charges for using gateway 
VPC endpoints." 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/vpc-reduce-nat-gateway-transfer-

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
74 
costs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 136 
A company has an on-premises business application that generates hundreds of files each day. 
These files are stored on an SMB file share and require a low-latency connection to the 
application servers. 
A new company policy states all application-generated files must be copied to AWS. 
There is already a VPN connection to AWS. 
The application development team does not have time to make the necessary code modifications 
to move the application to AWS. 
Which service should a solutions architect recommend to allow the application to copy files to 
AWS? 
 
A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server 
C. AWS Snowball 
D. AWS Storage Gateway 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The files will be on the storgare gateway with low latency and copied to AWS as a second copy. 
FSx in AWS will not provide low latency for the on prem apps over a vpn to the FSx file system. 
 
 
QUESTION 137 
A company has an automobile sales website that stores its listings in an database on Amazon 
RDS. 
When an automobile is sold, the listing needs to be removed from the website and the data must 
be sent to multiple target systems. 
Which design should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to 
send the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) queue for the targets 
to consume. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered when the database on Amazon RDS is updated to 
send the information to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue for the 
targets to consume. 
C. Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) queue fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topics. 
Use AWS Lambda functions to update the targets. 
D. Subscribe to an RDS event notification and send an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic fanned out to multiple Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queues. 
Use AWS Lambda functions to update the targets. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can use AWS Lambda to process event notifications from an Amazon Relational Database 
Service (Amazon RDS) database. Amazon RDS sends notifications to an Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic, which you can configure to invoke a Lambda function. 
Amazon SNS wraps the message from Amazon RDS in its own event document and sends it to 
your function. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-sns.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/messaging-fanout-pattern-for-serverless-architectures-

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
75 
using-amazon-sns/ 
 
 
QUESTION 138 
A company is developing a video conversion application hosted on AWS. 
The application will be available in two tiers: a free tier and a paid tier. 
Users in the paid tier will have their videos converted first and then the tree tier users will have 
their videos converted. 
Which solution meets these requirements and is MOST cost-effective? 
 
A. One FIFO queue for the paid tier and one standard queue for the free tier 
B. A single FIFO Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue for all file types 
C. A single standard Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue for all file types 
D. Two standard Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues with one for the paid tier 
and one for the free tier 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
In AWS, the queue service is the Simple Queue Service (SQS). Multiple SQS queues may be 
prepared to prepare queues for individual priority levels (with a priority queue and a secondary 
queue). Moreover, you may also use the message Delayed Send function to delay process 
execution. 
 
 
QUESTION 139 
A company runs an ecommerce application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application 
Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple 
Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group scales based on CPU utilization metrics. The 
ecommerce application stores the transaction data in a MySQL 8.0 database that is hosted on a 
large EC2 instance. 
 
The database's performance degrades quickly as application load increases. The application 
handles more read requests than write transactions. The company wants a solution that will 
automatically scale the database to meet the demand of unpredictable read workloads while 
maintaining high availability. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Redshift with a single node for leader and compute functionality. 
B. Use Amazon RDS with a Single-AZ deployment. 
Configure Amazon RDS to add reader instances in a different Availability Zone. 
C. Use Amazon Aurora with a Multi-AZ deployment. 
Configure Aurora Auto Scaling with Aurora Replicas. 
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with EC2 Spot Instances. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AURORA is 5x performance improvement over MySQL on RDS and handles more read requests 
than write, maintaining high availability = Multi-AZ deployment 
 
 
QUESTION 140 
A company recently migrated to AWS and wants to implement a solution to protect the traffic that 
flows in and out of the production VPC. The company had an inspection server in its on-premises 
data center. The inspection server performed specific operations such as traffic flow inspection 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
76 
and traffic filtering. The company wants to have the same functionalities in the AWS Cloud. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon GuardDuty for traffic inspection and traffic filtering in the production VPC 
B. Use Traffic Mirroring to mirror traffic from the production VPC for traffic inspection and filtering. 
C. Use AWS Network Firewall to create the required rules for traffic inspection and traffic filtering 
for the production VPC. 
D. Use AWS Firewall Manager to create the required rules for traffic inspection and traffic filtering 
for the production VPC. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Network Firewall is a stateful, managed network firewall and intrusion detection and 
prevention service for your virtual private cloud (VPC) that you created in Amazon Virtual Private 
Cloud (Amazon VPC). With Network Firewall, you can filter traffic at the perimeter of your VPC. 
This includes filtering traffic going to and coming from an internet gateway, NAT gateway, or over 
VPN or AWS Direct Connect. 
 
 
QUESTION 141 
A company hosts a data lake on AWS. The data lake consists of data in Amazon S3 and Amazon 
RDS for PostgreSQL. The company needs a reporting solution that provides data visualization 
and includes all the data sources within the data lake. Only the company's management team 
should have full access to all the visualizations. The rest of the company should have only limited 
access. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an analysis in Amazon QuickSight.  
Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. 
Publish dashboards to visualize the data.  
Share the dashboards with the appropriate IAM roles. 
B. Create an analysis in Amazon OuickSighl.  
Connect all the data sources and create new datasets. 
Publish dashboards to visualize the data.  
Share the dashboards with the appropriate users and groups. 
C. Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3.  
Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to produce reports.  
Publish the reports to Amazon S3.  
Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports. 
D. Create an AWS Glue table and crawler for the data in Amazon S3.  
Use Amazon Athena Federated Query to access data within Amazon RDS for PoslgreSQL.  
Generate reports by using Amazon Athena. 
Publish the reports to Amazon S3.  
Use S3 bucket policies to limit access to the reports. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quicksight/latest/user/sharing-a-dashboard.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quicksight/latest/user/share-a-dashboard-grant-access-users.html 
 
 
QUESTION 142 
A company is implementing a new business application. The application runs on two Amazon 
EC2 instances and uses an Amazon S3 bucket for document storage. A solutions architect needs 
to ensure that the EC2 instances can access the S3 bucket. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
77 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Create an IAM role that grants access to the S3 bucket. 
Attach the role to the EC2 instances. 
B. Create an IAM policy that grants access to the S3 bucket. 
Attach the policy to the EC2 instances. 
C. Create an IAM group that grants access to the S3 bucket. 
Attach the group to the EC2 instances. 
D. Create an IAM user that grants access to the S3 bucket. 
Attach the user account to the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Always remember that you should associate IAM roles to EC2 instances. 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-instance-access-s3-bucket/ 
 
 
QUESTION 143 
An application development team is designing a microservice that will convert large images to 
smaller, compressed images. When a user uploads an image through the web interface, the 
microservice should store the image in an Amazon S3 bucket, process and compress the image 
with an AWS Lambda function, and store the image in its compressed form in a different S3 
bucket. 
 
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that uses durable, stateless components to 
process the images automatically. 
 
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
Configure the S3 bucket to send a notification to the SQS queue when an image is uploaded to 
the S3 bucket. 
B. Configure the Lambda function to use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queue as the invocation source. 
When the SQS message is successfully processed, delete the message in the queue 
C. Configure the Lambda function to monitor the S3 bucket for new uploads. 
When an uploaded image is detected write the file name to a text file in memory and use the 
text file to keep track of the images that were processed. 
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to monitor an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queue. 
When items are added to the queue log the file name in a text file on the EC2 instance and 
invoke the Lambda function. 
E. Configure an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) event to monitor the S3 
bucket. 
When an image is uploaded send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon 
SNS) topic with the application owner's email address for further processing 
 
Answer: AB 
 
 
QUESTION 144 
A company has a three-tier web application that is deployed on AWS. The web servers are 
deployed in a public subnet in a VPC. The application servers and database servers are deployed 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
78 
in private subnets in the same VPC. The company has deployed a third-party virtual firewall 
appliance from AWS Marketplace in an inspection VPC. The appliance is configured with an IP 
interface that can accept IP packets. 
A solutions architect needs to Integrate the web application with the appliance to inspect all traffic 
to the application before the traffic teaches the web server. 
 
Which solution will moot these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a Network Load Balancer the public subnet of the application's VPC to route the traffic to 
the appliance for packet inspection. 
B. Create an Application Load Balancer in the public subnet of the application's VPC to route the 
traffic to the appliance for packet inspection. 
C. Deploy a transit gateway in the inspection VPC. 
Configure route tables to route the incoming pockets through the transit gateway. 
D. Deploy a Gateway Load Balancer in the inspection VPC. 
Create a Gateway Load Balancer endpoint to receive the incoming packets and forward the 
packets to the appliance. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Gateway Load Balancer is a new type of load balancer that operates at layer 3 of the OSI model 
and is built on Hyperplane, which is capable of handling several thousands of connections per 
second. Gateway Load Balancer endpoints are configured in spoke VPCs originating or receiving 
traffic from the Internet. This architecture allows you to perform inline inspection of traffic from 
multiple spoke VPCs in a simplified and scalable fashion while still centralizing your virtual 
appliances. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/scaling-network-traffic-inspection-
using-aws-gateway-load-balancer/ 
 
 
QUESTION 145 
A company wants to improve its ability to clone large amounts of production data into a test 
environment in the same AWS Region. The data is stored in Amazon EC2 instances on Amazon 
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Modifications to the cloned data must not affect the 
production environment. The software that accesses this data requires consistently high I/O 
performance. 
 
A solutions architect needs to minimize the time that is required to clone the production data into 
the test environment. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes.  
Restore the snapshots onto EC2 instance store volumes in the test environment. 
B. Configure the production EBS volumes to use the EBS Multi-Attach feature.  
Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes.  
Attach the production EBS volumes to the EC2 instances in the test environment. 
C. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes.  
Create and initialize new EBS volumes. 
Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment before restoring the 
volumes from the production EBS snapshots. 
D. Take EBS snapshots of the production EBS volumes.  
Turn on the EBS fast snapshot restore feature on the EBS snapshots.  
Restore the snapshots into new EBS volumes.  
Attach the new EBS volumes to EC2 instances in the test environment. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
79 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon EBS fast snapshot restore (FSR) enables you to create a volume from a snapshot that is 
fully initialized at creation. This eliminates the latency of I/O operations on a block when it is 
accessed for the first time. Volumes that are created using fast snapshot restore instantly deliver 
all of their provisioned performance. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-fast-snapshot-restore.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/about-aws/whats-new/2020/11/amazon-ebs-fast-snapshot-restore-
now-available-us-govcloud-regions/ 
 
 
QUESTION 146 
An ecommerce company wants to launch a one-deal-a-day website on AWS. Each day will 
feature exactly one product on sale for a period of 24 hours. The company wants to be able to 
handle millions of requests each hour with millisecond latency during peak hours. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 to host the full website in different S3 buckets. 
Add Amazon CloudFront distributions. 
Set the S3 buckets as origins for the distributions. 
Store the order data in Amazon S3. 
B. Deploy the full website on Amazon EC2 instances that run in Auto Scaling groups across 
multiple Availability Zones. 
Add an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to distribute the website traffic. 
Add another ALB for the backend APIs. 
Store the data in Amazon RDS for MySQL. 
C. Migrate the full application to run in containers.  
Host the containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). 
Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to increase and decrease the number of pods to 
process bursts in traffic. 
Store the data in Amazon RDS for MySQL. 
D. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to host the website's static content. 
Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution.  
Set the S3 bucket as the origin. 
Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions for the backend APIs. 
Store the data in Amazon DynamoDB. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
All of the components are infinitely scalable dynamoDB, API Gateway, Lambda, and of course 
s3+cloudfront. 
 
 
QUESTION 147 
A solutions architect is using Amazon S3 to design the storage architecture of a new digital media 
application. The media files must be resilient to the loss of an Availability Zone Some files are 
accessed frequently while other files are rarely accessed in an unpredictable pattern. The 
solutions architect must minimize the costs of storing and retrieving the media files. 
Which storage option meets these requirements? 
 
A. S3 Standard 
B. S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
C. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access {S3 Standard-IA) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
80 
D. S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
S3 Intelligent-Tiering -Perfect use case when you don't know the frequency of access or irregular 
patterns of usage. 
Amazon S3 offers a range of storage classes designed for different use cases. These include S3 
Standard for general-purpose storage of frequently accessed data; S3 Intelligent-Tiering for data 
with unknown or changing access patterns; S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) and 
S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) for long-lived, but less frequently accessed 
data; and Amazon S3 Glacier (S3 Glacier) and Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive (S3 Glacier 
Deep Archive) for long-term archive and digital preservation. If you have data residency 
requirements that can't be met by an existing AWS Region, you can use the S3 Outposts storage 
class to store your S3 data on-premises. Amazon S3 also offers capabilities to manage your data 
throughout its lifecycle. Once an S3 Lifecycle policy is set, your data will automatically transfer to 
a different storage class without any changes to your application. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/DataDurability.html 
 
 
QUESTION 148 
A company has an on-premises MySQL database used by the global sales team with infrequent 
access patterns. 
The sales team requires the database to have minimal downtime. 
A database administrator wants to migrate this database to AWS without selecting a particular 
instance type in anticipation of more users in the future. 
Which service should a solution architect recommend? 
 
A. Amazon Aurora MySQL 
B. Amazon Aurora Serverless for MySQL 
C. Amazon Redshift Spectrum 
D. Amazon RDS for MySQL 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
A database administrator wants to migrate this database to AWS without selecting a particular 
instance type in anticipation of more users in the future" Serverless sounds right, and it's 
compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL. 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/serverless/ 
 
 
QUESTION 149 
A company is building an application on Amazon EC2 instances that generates temporary 
transactional data.  
The application requires access to data storage that can provide configurable and consistent 
IOPS. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Provision an EC2 instance with a Throughput Optimized HDD (st1) root volume and a Cold 
HDD (sc1) data volume. 
B. Provision an EC2 instance with a Throughput Optimized HDD (st1) volume that will serve as the 
root and data volume. 
C. Provision an EC2 instance with a General Purpose SSD (gp2) root volume and Provisioned 
IOPS SSD (io1) data volume. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
81 
D. Provision an EC2 instance with a General Purpose SSD (gp2) root volume.  
Configure the application to store its data in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Only gp3, io1, or io2 Volumes have configurable IOPS. 
You cannot add HDD in root volume. SSD needs to be selected as root volume and HDD as Data 
Volume. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volumes.html 
 
 
QUESTION 150 
A company is hosting 60 TB of production-level data in an Amazon S3 bucket. A solution 
architect needs to bring that data on premises for quarterly audit requirements. This export of 
data must be encrypted while in transit. The company has low network bandwidth in place 
between AWS and its on-premises data center. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy AWS Migration Hub with 90-day replication windows for data transfer. 
B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway on AWS.  
Enable a 90-day replication window to transfer the data. 
C. Deploy Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS), with lifecycle policies enabled, on AWS.  
Use it to transfer the data. 
D. Deploy an AWS Snowball device in the on-premises data center after completing an export job 
request in the AWS Snowball console. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS Snowball with the Snowball device has the following features: 
80 TB and 50 TB models are available in US Regions; 50 TB model available in all other AWS 
Regions. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/snowball/latest/ug/whatissnowball.html 
 
 
QUESTION 151 
A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a company that needs to host 
hundreds of machine learning models for its users. During startup, the models need to load up to 
10 GB of data from Amazon S3 into memory, but they do not need disk access. Most of the 
models are used sporadically, but the users expect all of them to be highly available and 
accessible with low latency. 
 
Which solution meets the requirements and is MOST cost-effective? 
 
A. Deploy models as AWS Lambda functions behind an Amazon API Gateway for each model. 
B. Deploy models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services behind an 
Application Load Balancer for each model. 
C. Deploy models as AWS Lambda functions behind a single Amazon API Gateway with path-
based routing where one path corresponds to each model. 
D. Deploy models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services behind a single 
Application Load Balancer with path-based routing where one path corresponds to each model. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
82 
AWS just update Lambda to support 10G memory and helping compute intensive applications 
like machine learning. 
No disk access, lowest cost. 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2020/12/aws-lambda-supports-10gb-memory-6-
vcpu-cores-lambda-functions/ 
 
 
QUESTION 152 
A company is developing an ecommerce application that will consist of a load-balanced front end, 
a container-based application, and a relational database. A solutions architect needs to create a 
highly available solution that operates with as little manual intervention as possible. 
 
Which solutions meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create an Amazon RDS DB instance in Multi-AZ mode. 
B. Create an Amazon RDS DB instance and one or more replicas in another Availability Zone. 
C. Create an Amazon EC2 instance-based Docker cluster to handle the dynamic application load. 
D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with a Fargate launch type 
to handle the dynamic application load. 
E. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an Amazon EC2 
launch type to handle the dynamic application load. 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/Welcome.html 
1. Relational database: RDS 
2. Container-based applications: ECS 
"Amazon ECS enables you to launch and stop your container-based applications by using simple 
API calls.  
You can also retrieve the state of your cluster from a centralized service and have access to 
many familiar Amazon EC2 features." 
3. Little manual intervention: Fargate 
You can run your tasks and services on a serverless infrastructure that is managed by AWS 
Fargate. Alternatively, for more control over your infrastructure, you can run your tasks and 
services on a cluster of Amazon EC2 instances that you manage. 
 
 
QUESTION 153 
A company has an ecommerce application that stores data in an on-premises SQL database. The 
company has decided to migrate this database to AWS. However, as part of the migration, the 
company wants to find a way to attain sub-millisecond responses to common read requests. 
 
A solutions architect knows that the increase in speed is paramount and that a small percentage 
of stale data returned in the database reads is acceptable. 
 
What should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Build Amazon RDS read replicas. 
B. Build the database as a larger instance type. 
C. Build a database cache using Amazon ElastiCache. 
D. Build a database cache using Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES). 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
83 
To attain sub-millisecond responses to common read requests. 
https://aws.amazon.com/redis/ 
REDIS (REmote DIctionary Server) delivers sub-millisecond response times enabling millions of 
requests per second for real-time applications. 
 
 
QUESTION 154 
A company is designing an application where users upload small files into Amazon S3.  
After a user uploads a file, the file requires one-time simple processing to transform the data and 
save the data in JSON format for later analysis. 
 
Each file must be processed as quickly as possible after it is uploaded. Demand will vary.  
On some days, users will upload a high number of files. On other days, users will upload a few 
files or no files. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure Amazon EMR to read text files from Amazon S3.  
Run processing scripts to transform the data.  
Store the resulting JSON file in an Amazon Aurora DB cluster. 
B. Configure Amazon S3 to send an event notification to an Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) queue.  
Use Amazon EC2 instances to read from the queue and process the data.  
Store the resulting JSON file in Amazon DynamoDB. 
C. Configure Amazon S3 to send an event notification to an Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) queue.  
Use an AWS Lambda function to read from the queue and process the data.  
Store the resulting JSON file in Amazon DynamoDB. 
D. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send an event to Amazon 
Kinesis Data Streams when a new file is uploaded.  
Use an AWS Lambda function to consume the event from the stream and process the data.  
Store the resulting JSON file in Amazon Aurora DB cluster. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 sends event notifications about S3 buckets (for example, object created, object 
removed, or object restored) to an SNS topic in the same Region. 
The SNS topic publishes the event to an SQS queue in the central Region. 
The SQS queue is configured as the event source for your Lambda function and buffers the event 
messages for the Lambda function. 
The Lambda function polls the SQS queue for messages and processes the Amazon S3 event 
notifications according to your application's requirements. 
 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/subscribe-a-lambda-function-
to-event-notifications-from-s3-buckets-in-different-aws-regions.html 
 
 
QUESTION 155 
An application allows users at a company's headquarters to access product data. The product 
data is stored in an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. The operations team has isolated an 
application performance slowdown and wants to separate read traffic from write traffic. 
A solutions architect needs to optimize the application's performance quickly. 
What should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
84 
Serve the read requests from the primary Availability Zone. 
B. Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment.  
Serve the read requests from the secondary Availability Zone. 
C. Create read replicas for the database.  
Configure the read replicas with half of the compute and storage resources as the source 
database. 
D. Create read replicas for the database.  
Configure the read replicas with the same compute and storage resources as the source 
database. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
For replication to operate effectively, each read replica should have the same amount of compute 
and storage resources as the source DB instance. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_MySQL.Replication.ReadRe
plicas.html 
 
 
QUESTION 156 
An Amazon EC2 administrator created the following policy associated with an IAM group 
containing several users. 
 
 
 
 
What is the effect of this policy? 
 
A. Users can terminate an EC2 instance in any AWS Region except us-east-1. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
85 
B. Users can terminate an EC2 instance with the IP address 10 100 100 1 in the us-east-1 Region 
C. Users can terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is 
10.100.100.254. 
D. Users cannot terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is 
10.100 100 254 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
As the policy prevents anyone from doing any EC2 action on any region except us-east-1 and 
allows only users with source ip 10.100.100.0/24 to terminate instances. So user with source ip 
10.100.100.254 can terminate instances in us-east-1 region. 
 
 
QUESTION 157 
A company has a large Microsoft SharePoint deployment running on-premises that requires 
Microsoft Windows shared file storage. The company wants to migrate this workload to the AWS 
Cloud and is considering various storage options. The storage solution must be highly available 
and integrated with Active Directory for access control. 
 
Which solution will satisfy these requirements? 
 
A. Configure Amazon EFS storage and set the Active Directory domain for authentication 
B. Create an SMB Me share on an AWS Storage Gateway tile gateway in two Availability Zones 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket and configure Microsoft Windows Server to mount it as a volume 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system on AWS and set the Active 
Directory domain for authentication 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon FSx for Windows File Server is a fully managed file storage service that is designed to 
be used with Microsoft Windows workloads. It is integrated with Active Directory for access 
control and is highly available, as it stores data across multiple availability zones. Additionally, 
FSx can be used to migrate data from on-premises Microsoft Windows file servers to the AWS 
Cloud. This makes it a good fit for the requirements described in the question. 
 
 
QUESTION 158 
An image-processing company has a web application that users use to upload images. The 
application uploads the images into an Amazon S3 bucket. The company has set up S3 event 
notifications to publish the object creation events to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) standard queue. The SQS queue serves as the event source for an AWS Lambda function 
that processes the images and sends the results to users through email. 
 
Users report that they are receiving multiple email messages for every uploaded image. A 
solutions architect determines that SQS messages are invoking the Lambda function more than 
once, resulting in multiple email messages. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to resolve this issue with the LEAST operational 
overhead? 
 
A. Set up long polling in the SQS queue by increasing the ReceiveMessage wait time to 30 
seconds. 
B. Change the SQS standard queue to an SQS FIFO queue.  
Use the message deduplication ID to discard duplicate messages. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
86 
C. Increase the visibility timeout in the SQS queue to a value that is greater than the total of the 
function timeout and the batch window timeout. 
D. Modify the Lambda function to delete each message from the SQS queue immediately after the 
message is read before processing. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Immediately after a message is received, it remains in the queue. To prevent other consumers 
from processing the message again, Amazon SQS sets a visibility timeout, a period of time during 
which Amazon SQS prevents other consumers from receiving and processing the message. The 
default visibility timeout for a message is 30 seconds. The minimum is 0 seconds. The maximum 
is 12 hours. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-
visibility-timeout.html 
 
 
QUESTION 159 
A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a media application that is hosted in the 
AWS Cloud.  
The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data. The solution must he fully 
managed. 
Which AWS solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway.  
Create a file share that uses the required client protocol. 
Connect the application server to the tile share. 
B. Create an AWS Storage Gateway tape gateway. 
Configure tapes to use Amazon S3. 
Connect the application server lo the tape gateway 
C. Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance. 
Install and configure a Windows file share role on the instance.  
Connect the application server to the file share. 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server tile system. 
Attach the fie system to the origin server.  
Connect the application server to the tile system 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon FSx for Lustre is a fully managed file system that is designed for high-performance 
workloads, such as gaming applications. It provides a high-performance, scalable, and fully 
managed file system that is optimized for Lustre clients, and it is fully integrated with Amazon 
EC2. It is the only option that meets the requirements of being fully managed and able to support 
Lustre clients. 
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/ 
 
 
QUESTION 160 
A company's containerized application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application needs 
to download security certificates before it can communicate with other business applications. The 
company wants a highly secure solution to encrypt and decrypt the certificates in near real time. 
The solution also needs to store data in highly available storage after the data is encrypted. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create AWS Secrets Manager secrets for encrypted certificates.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
87 
Manually update the certificates as needed.  
Control access to the data by using fine-grained IAM access. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Python cryptography library to receive and 
perform encryption operations.  
Store the function in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key.  
Allow the EC2 role to use the KMS key for encryption operations.  
Store the encrypted data on Amazon S3. 
D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key.  
Allow the EC2 role to use the KMS key for encryption operations.  
Store the encrypted data on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
S3 is highly available with LEAST operational overhead. 
Amazon S3 provides durability by redundantly storing the data across multiple Availability Zones 
whereas EBS provides durability by redundantly storing the data in a single Availability Zone. 
Both S3 and EBS gives the availability of 99.99%, but the only difference that occurs is that S3 is 
accessed via the internet using APIs and EBS is accessed by the single instance attached to 
EBS. 
 
 
QUESTION 161 
A solutions architect is designing a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC and subnets 
use IPv4 CIDR blocks. There is one public subnet and one private subnet in each of three 
Availability Zones (AZs) for high availability. An internet gateway is used to provide internet 
access for the public subnets. The private subnets require access to the internet to allow Amazon 
EC2 instances to download software updates. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to enable Internet access for the private subnets? 
 
A. Create three NAT gateways, one for each public subnet in each AZ.  
Create a private route table for each AZ that forwards non-VPC traffic to the NAT gateway in its 
AZ. 
B. Create three NAT instances, one for each private subnet in each AZ.  
Create a private route table for each AZ that forwards non-VPC traffic to the NAT instance in its 
AZ. 
C. Create a second internet gateway on one of the private subnets.  
Update the route table for the private subnets that forward non-VPC traffic to the private internet 
gateway. 
D. Create an egress-only internet gateway on one of the public subnets.  
Update the route table for the private subnets that forward non-VPC traffic to the egress-only 
internet gateway. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
To enable Internet access for the private subnets, the solutions architect should create three NAT 
gateways, one for each public subnet in each Availability Zone (AZ). NAT gateways allow private 
instances to initiate outbound traffic to the Internet but do not allow inbound traffic from the 
Internet to reach the private instances. 
The solutions architect should then create a private route table for each AZ that forwards non-
VPC traffic to the NAT gateway in its AZ. This will allow instances in the private subnets to access 
the Internet through the NAT gateways in the public subnets. 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
88 
QUESTION 162 
A company wants to migrate an on-premises data center to AWS. The data center hosts an SFTP 
server that stores its data on an NFS-based file system. The server holds 200 GB of data that 
needs to be transferred. The server must be hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance that uses an 
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to automate this task? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Launch the EC2 instance into the same Availability Zone as the EFS file system. 
B. Install an AWS DataSync agent in the on-premises data center. 
C. Create a secondary Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume on the EC2 instance tor 
the data. 
D. Manually use an operating system copy command to push the data to the EC2 instance. 
E. Use AWS DataSync to create a suitable location configuration for the on-premises SFTP server. 
 
Answer: AB 
Explanation: 
A - Makes sense to have the instance in the same AZ the EFS storage is. 
B - The DataSync with move the data to the EFS, which already uses the EC2 instance (see the 
info provided). 
 
 
QUESTION 163 
A company has an AWS Glue extract. transform, and load (ETL) job that runs every day at the 
same time. The job processes XML data that is in an Amazon S3 bucket. New data is added to 
the S3 bucket every day. A solutions architect notices that AWS Glue is processing all the data 
during each run. 
What should the solutions architect do to prevent AWS Glue from reprocessing old data? 
 
A. Edit the job to use job bookmarks. 
B. Edit the job to delete data after the data is processed 
C. Edit the job by setting the NumberOfWorkers field to 1. 
D. Use a FindMatches machine learning (ML) transform. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Glue tracks data that has already been processed during a previous run of an ETL job by 
persisting state information from the job run. This persisted state information is called a job 
bookmark. Job bookmarks help AWS Glue maintain state information and prevent the 
reprocessing of old data. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/monitor-continuations.html 
 
 
QUESTION 164 
A solutions architect must design a highly available infrastructure for a website. The website is 
powered by Windows web servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The solutions architect 
must implement a solution that can mitigate a large-scale DDoS attack that originates from 
thousands of IP addresses. Downtime is not acceptable for the website. 
Which actions should the solutions architect take to protect the website from such an attack? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Shield Advanced to stop the DDoS attack. 
B. Configure Amazon GuardDuty to automatically block the attackers. 
C. Configure the website to use Amazon CloudFront for both static and dynamic content. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
89 
D. Use an AWS Lambda function to automatically add attacker IP addresses to VPC network 
ACLs. 
E. Use EC2 Spot Instances in an Auto Scaling group with a target tracking scaling policy that is set 
to 80% CPU utilization 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
AWS Shield can handle the DDoS attacks. 
Amazon CloudFront supports DDoS protection, integration with Shield, AWS Web Application 
Firewall. 
 
 
QUESTION 165 
A company is preparing to deploy a new serverless workload.  
A solutions architect must use the principle of least privilege to configure permissions that will be 
used to run an AWS Lambda function.  
An Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule will invoke the function. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and * as the 
principal. 
B. Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and 
Service:amazonaws.com as the principal. 
C. Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:'* as the action and 
Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal. 
D. Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and 
Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The principle of least privilege requires that permissions are granted only to the minimum 
necessary to perform a task. In this case, the Lambda function needs to be able to be invoked by 
Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). To meet these requirements, you can add a 
resource-based policy to the function that allows the InvokeFunction action to be performed by 
the Service: events.amazonaws.com principal. This will allow Amazon EventBridge to invoke the 
function, but will not grant any additional permissions to the function. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/resource-based-policies-
eventbridge.html#lambda-permissions 
 
 
QUESTION 166 
A company has an image processing workload running on Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) in two private subnets. Each private subnet uses a NAT instance for internet 
access. All images are stored in Amazon S3 buckets. 
The company is concerned about the data transfer costs between Amazon ECS and Amazon S3. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to reduce costs? 
 
A. Configure a NAT gateway to replace the NAT instances. 
B. Configure a gateway endpoint for traffic destined to Amazon S3. 
C. Configure an interface endpoint for traffic destined to Amazon S3. 
D. Configure Amazon CloudFront for the S3 bucket storing the images. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
90 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
S3 and Dynamo DB does not support interface endpoints. Both S3 and DynamoDB are routed via 
Gateway endpoint. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-endpoints.html 
Interface Endpoint only supports services which are integrated with PrivateLink. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/integrated-services-vpce-list.html 
 
 
QUESTION 167 
A company is moving Its on-premises Oracle database to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL.  
The database has several applications that write to the same tables. 
The applications need to be migrated one by one with a month in between each migration 
Management has expressed concerns that the database has a high number of reads and writes. 
The data must be kept in sync across both databases throughout tie migration. 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync tor the initial migration. 
Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create a change data capture (CDC) 
replication task and a table mapping to select all cables. 
B. UseAVVS DataSync for the initial migration. 
Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create a full load plus change data 
capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select ail tables. 
C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion led with AWS DataBase Migration Service (AWS DMS) 
using a memory optimized replication instance. 
Create a tui load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping lo select 
all tables. 
D. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool with AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) 
using a compute optimized implication instance. 
Create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select 
the largest tables. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
As you can see, we have three important memory buffers in this architecture for CDC in AWS 
DMS. If any of these buffers experience memory pressure, the migration can have performance 
issues that can potentially cause failures. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_ReplicationInstance.Types.html 
 
 
QUESTION 168 
A company wants to migrate a high performance computing (HPC) application and data from on-
premises to the AWS Cloud. The company uses tiered storage on premises with hot high-
performance parallel storage to support the application during periodic runs of the application, 
and more economical cold storage to hold the data when the application is not actively running. 
Which combination of solutions should a solutions architect recommend to support the storage 
needs of the application? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Amazon S3 for cold data storage 
B. Amazon EFS for cold data storage 
C. Amazon S3 for high-performance parallel storage 
D. Amazon FSx for clustre tor high-performance parallel storage 
E. Amazon FSx for Windows for high-performance parallel storage 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
91 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/ 
Amazon FSx for Lustre makes it easy and cost effective to launch and run the world's most 
popular high-performance file system. Use it for workloads where speed matters, such as 
machine learning, high performance computing (HPC), video processing, and financial modeling. 
 
 
QUESTION 169 
A company is experiencing growth as demand for its product has increased. The company's 
existing purchasing application is slow when traffic spikes. The application is a monolithic three 
tier application that uses synchronous transactions and sometimes sees bottlenecks in the 
application tier. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that can meet required application 
response times while accounting for traffic volume spikes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Vertically scale the application instance using a larger Amazon EC2 instance size. 
B. Scale the application's persistence layer horizontally by introducing Oracle RAC on AWS 
C. Scale the web and application tiers horizontally using Auto Scaling groups and an Application 
Load Balancer 
D. Decouple the application and data tiers using Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
with asynchronous AWS Lambda calls. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The Application uses synchronous transactions each operation is dependent on the previous one.  
Using asynchronous lambda calls may not work here. 
 
 
QUESTION 170 
A solutions architect needs to ensure that all Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes 
restored from unencrypted EBS snapshots are encrypted. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Enable EBS encryption by default for the AWS Region 
B. Enable EBS encryption by default for the specific volumes 
C. Create a new volume and specify the symmetric customer master key (CMK) to use for 
encryption 
D. Create a new volume and specify the asymmetric customer master key (CMK) to use for 
encryption. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Question asked is to ensure that all volumes restored are encrypted. So have to be "Enable 
encryption by default". 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSEncryption.html#encryption-by-
default 
 
 
QUESTION 171 
A company is storing backup files by using Amazon S3 Standard storage. The files are accessed 
frequently for 1 month. However, the files are not accessed after 1 month. The company must 
keep the files indefinitely. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
92 
 
Which storage solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to automatically migrate objects. 
B. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier Deep 
Archive after 1 month. 
C. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-
Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 1 month. 
D. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-
Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 1 month. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Transition to Glacier deep archive for cost efficiency. 
 
 
QUESTION 172 
A company observes an increase in Amazon EC2 costs in its most recent bill. The billing team 
notices unwanted vertical scaling of instance types for a couple of EC2 instances. A solutions 
architect needs to create a graph comparing the last 2 months of EC2 costs and perform an in-
depth analysis to identify the root cause of the vertical scaling. 
How should the solutions architect generate the information with the LEAST operational 
overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Budgets to create a budget report and compare EC2 costs based on instance types 
B. Use Cost Explorer's granular filtering feature to perform an in-depth analysis of EC2 costs 
based on instance types 
C. Use graphs from the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard to compare EC2 costs 
based on instance types for the last 2 months 
D. Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report and send it to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Use Amazon QuickSight with Amazon S3 as a source to generate an interactive graph based 
on instance types.. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Cost Explorer is a tool that enables you to view and analyze your costs and usage. You can 
explore your usage and costs using the main graph, the Cost Explorer cost and usage reports, or 
the Cost Explorer RI reports. You can view data for up to the last 12 months, forecast how much 
you're likely to spend for the next 12 months, and get recommendations for what Reserved 
Instances to purchase. You can use Cost Explorer to identify areas that need further inquiry and 
see trends that you can use to understand your costs. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/latest/userguide/ce-what-is.html 
 
 
QUESTION 173 
A company is designing an application. The application uses an AWS Lambda function to receive 
information through Amazon API Gateway and to store the information in an Amazon Aurora 
PostgreSQL database. 
During the proof-of-concept stage, the company has to increase the Lambda quotas significantly 
to handle the high volumes of data that the company needs to load into the database. A solutions 
architect must recommend a new design to improve scalability and minimize the configuration 
effort. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
93 
A. Refactor the Lambda function code to Apache Tomcat code that runs on Amazon EC2 
instances. 
Connect the database by using native Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) drivers. 
B. Change the platform from Aurora to Amazon DynamoDB.  
Provision a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster.  
Use the DAX client SDK to point the existing DynamoDB API calls at the DAX cluster. 
C. Set up two Lambda functions.  
Configure one function to receive the information.  
Configure the other function to load the information into the database.  
Integrate the Lambda functions by using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). 
D. Set up two Lambda functions. Configure one function to receive the information.  
Configure the other function to load the information into the database.  
Integrate the Lambda functions by using an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queue. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Option D uses SQS, so the 2nd lambda function can go to the queue when responsive to keep 
with the DB load process. 
Usually the app decoupling helps with the performance improvement by distributing load. 
 
 
QUESTION 174 
A company needs to review its AWS Cloud deployment to ensure that its Amazon S3 buckets do 
not have unauthorized configuration changes. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal? 
 
A. Turn on AWS Config with the appropriate rules. 
B. Turn on AWS Trusted Advisor with the appropriate checks. 
C. Turn on Amazon Inspector with the appropriate assessment template. 
D. Turn on Amazon S3 server access logging.  
Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon Cloud Watch Events). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Config is a fully managed service that provides you with an AWS resource inventory, 
configuration history, and configuration change notifications to enable security and governance. 
 
 
QUESTION 175 
A company is launching a new application and will display application metrics on an Amazon 
CloudWatch dashboard. The company's product manager needs to access this dashboard 
periodically. The product manager does not have an AWS account. A solution architect must 
provide access to the product manager by following the principle of least privilege. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Share the dashboard from the CloudWatch console.  
Enter the product manager's email address, and complete the sharing steps.  
Provide a shareable link for the dashboard to the product manager. 
B. Create an IAM user specifically for the product manager.  
Attach the CloudWatch Read Only Access managed policy to the user.  
Share the new login credential with the product manager.  
Share the browser URL of the correct dashboard with the product manager. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
94 
C. Create an IAM user for the company's employees. 
Attach the View Only Access AWS managed policy to the IAM user. 
Share the new login credentials with the product manager.  
Ask the product manager to navigate to the CloudWatch console and locate the dashboard by 
name in the Dashboards section. 
D. Deploy a bastion server in a public subnet.  
When the product manager requires access to the dashboard, start the server and share the 
RDP credentials.  
On the bastion server, ensure that the browser is configured to open the dashboard URL with 
cached AWS credentials that have appropriate permissions to view the dashboard. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Share a single dashboard and designate specific email addresses of the people who can view the 
dashboard. Each of these users creates their own password that they must enter to view the 
dashboard. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/cloudwatch-dashboard-
sharing.html 
 
 
QUESTION 176 
A company is migrating applications to AWS. The applications are deployed in different accounts. 
The company manages the accounts centrally by using AWS Organizations. The company's 
security team needs a single sign-on (SSO) solution across all the company's accounts.  
The company must continue managing the users and groups in its on-premises self-managed 
Microsoft Active Directory. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console.  
Create a one-way forest trust or a one-way domain trust to connect the company's self-
managed Microsoft Active Directory with AWS SSO by using AWS Directory Service for 
Microsoft Active Directory. 
B. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console.  
Create a two-way forest trust to connect the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory 
with AWS SSO by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory. 
C. Use AWS Directory Service.  
Create a two-way trust relationship with the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory. 
D. Deploy an identity provider (IdP) on premises.  
Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
You can configure one and two-way external and forest trust relationships between your AWS 
Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory and self-managed (on-premises) directories, as 
well as between multiple AWS Managed Microsoft AD directories in the AWS cloud. AWS 
Managed Microsoft AD supports all three trust relationship directions: Incoming, Outgoing and 
Two-way (Bi-directional). 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/everything-you-wanted-to-know-about-trusts-with-aws-
managed-microsoft-ad/ 
 
 
QUESTION 177 
A company provides a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service that uses UDP connections. 
The service consists of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. The company 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
95 
has deployments across multiple AWS Regions. 
 
The company needs to route users to the Region with the lowest latency. The company also 
needs automated failover between Regions. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and an associated target group.  
Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group.  
Use the NLB as an AWS Global Accelerator endpoint in each Region. 
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and an associated target group.  
Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group.  
Use the ALB as an AWS Global Accelerator endpoint in each Region. 
C. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and an associated target group.  
Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group.  
Create an Amazon Route 53 latency record that points to aliases for each NLB.  
Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the latency record as an origin. 
D. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and an associated target group.  
Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group.  
Create an Amazon Route 53 weighted record that points to aliases for each ALB.  
Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the weighted record as an origin. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or 
Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use cases that specifically require static IP addresses or 
deterministic, fast regional failover. 
https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 178 
A development team runs monthly resource-intensive tests on its general purpose Amazon RDS 
for MySQL DB instance with Performance Insights enabled. The testing lasts for 48 hours once a 
month and is the only process that uses the database. The team wants to reduce the cost of 
running the tests without reducing the compute and memory attributes of the DB instance. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Stop the DB instance when tests are completed.  
Restart the DB instance when required. 
B. Use an Auto Scaling policy with the DB instance to automatically scale when tests are 
completed. 
C. Create a snapshot when tests are completed.  
Terminate the DB instance and restore the snapshot when required. 
D. Modify the DB instance to a low-capacity instance when tests are completed.  
Modify the DB instance again when required. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
It's a DB instance, not an EC2 instance. If the DB instance is stopped, you are still paying for the 
storage. 
 
 
QUESTION 179 
A company that hosts its web application on AWS wants to ensure all Amazon EC2 instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
96 
Amazon RDS DB instances and Amazon Redshift clusters are configured with tags. The 
company wants to minimize the effort of configuring and operating this check. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Use AWS Config rules to define and detect resources that are not properly tagged. 
B. Use Cost Explorer to display resources that are not properly tagged.  
Tag those resources manually. 
C. Write API calls to check all resources for proper tag allocation.  
Periodically run the code on an EC2 instance. 
D. Write API calls to check all resources for proper tag allocation.  
Schedule an AWS Lambda function through Amazon CloudWatch to periodically run the code. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/tagging.html 
 
 
QUESTION 180 
A development team needs to host a website that will be accessed by other teams. The website 
contents consist of HTML, CSS, client-side JavaScript, and images. 
Which method is the MOST cost-effective for hosting the website? 
 
A. Containerize the website and host it in AWS Fargate. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket and host the website there 
C. Deploy a web server on an Amazon EC2 instance to host the website. 
D. Configure an Application Loa d Balancer with an AWS Lambda target that uses the Express js 
framework. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
In Static Websites, Web pages are returned by the server which are prebuilt. 
They use simple languages such as HTML, CSS, or JavaScript. 
There is no processing of content on the server (according to the user) in Static Websites. Web 
pages are returned by the server with no change therefore, static Websites are fast. 
There is no interaction with databases. 
Also, they are less costly as the host does not need to support server-side processing with 
different languages. 
============ 
In Dynamic Websites, Web pages are returned by the server which are processed during runtime 
means they are not prebuilt web pages but they are built during runtime according to the user's 
demand. 
These use server-side scripting languages such as PHP, Node.js, ASP.NET and many more 
supported by the server. 
So, they are slower than static websites but updates and interaction with databases are possible. 
 
 
QUESTION 181 
A company runs an online marketplace web application on AWS. The application serves 
hundreds of thousands of users during peak hours. The company needs a scalable, near-real-
time solution to share the details of millions of financial transactions with several other internal 
applications Transactions also need to be processed to remove sensitive data before being 
stored in a document database for low-latency retrieval. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
97 
 
A. Store the transactions data into Amazon DynamoDB. 
Set up a rule in DynamoDB to remove sensitive data from every transaction upon write.  
Use DynamoDB Streams to share the transactions data with other applications 
B. Stream the transactions data into Amazon Kinesis Data. 
Firehose to store data in Amazon DynamoDB and Amazon S3. 
Use AWS Lambda integration with Kinesis Data Firehose to remove sensitive data.  
Other applications can consume the data stored in Amazon S3. 
C. Stream the transactions data into Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. 
Use AWS Lambda integration to remove sensitive data from every transaction and then store 
the transactions data in Amazon DynamoDB. 
Other applications can consume the transactions data off the Kinesis data stream. 
D. Store the batched transactions data in Amazon S3 as files.  
Use AWS Lambda to process every file and remove sensitive data before updating the files in 
Amazon S3. 
The Lambda function then stores the data in Amazon DynamoDB. 
Other applications can consume transaction files stored in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The destination of your Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. Kinesis Data Firehose can send 
data records to various destinations, including Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), 
Amazon Redshift, Amazon OpenSearch Service, and any HTTP endpoint that is owned by you or 
any of your third-party service providers. The following are the supported destinations: 
* Amazon OpenSearch Service 
* Amazon S3 
* Datadog 
* Dynatrace 
* Honeycomb 
* HTTP Endpoint 
* Logic Monitor 
* MongoDB Cloud 
* New Relic 
* Splunk 
* Sumo Logic 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/firehose/latest/dev/create-name.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/data-streams/ 
Amazon Kinesis Data Streams (KDS) is a massively scalable and durable real-time data 
streaming service. KDS can continuously capture gigabytes of data per second from hundreds of 
thousands of sources such as website clickstreams, database event streams, financial 
transactions, social media feeds, IT logs, and location-tracking events. 
 
 
QUESTION 182 
A company hosts its multi-tier applications on AWS. For compliance, governance, auditing, and 
security, the company must track configuration changes on its AWS resources and record a 
history of API calls made to these resources. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS CloudTrail to track configuration changes and AWS Config to record API calls 
B. Use AWS Config to track configuration changes and AWS CloudTrail to record API calls 
C. Use AWS Config to track configuration changes and Amazon CloudWatch to record API calls 
D. Use AWS CloudTrail to track configuration changes and Amazon CloudWatch to record API 
calls 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
98 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
CloudTrail - Track user activity and API call history. 
Config - Assess, audits, and evaluates the configuration and relationships of tag resources. 
 
 
QUESTION 183 
A company is preparing to launch a public-facing web application in the AWS Cloud. The 
architecture consists of Amazon EC2 instances within a VPC behind an Elastic Load Balancer 
(ELB). A third-party service is used for the DNS. The company's solutions architect must 
recommend a solution to detect and protect against large-scale DDoS attacks. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Enable Amazon GuardDuty on the account. 
B. Enable Amazon Inspector on the EC2 instances. 
C. Enable AWS Shield and assign Amazon Route 53 to it. 
D. Enable AWS Shield Advanced and assign the ELB to it. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS Shield Advanced provides expanded DDoS attack protection for your Amazon EC2 
instances, Elastic Load Balancing load balancers, CloudFront distributions, Route 53 hosted 
zones, and AWS Global Accelerator standard accelerators. 
https://aws.amazon.com/shield/faqs/ 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-best-practices-ddos-resiliency/elastic-load-
balancing-bp6.html 
 
 
QUESTION 184 
A company is building an application in the AWS Cloud. The application will store data in Amazon 
S3 buckets in two AWS Regions. The company must use an AWS Key Management Service 
(AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt all data that is stored in the S3 buckets. The data 
in both S3 buckets must be encrypted and decrypted with the same KMS key. The data and the 
key must be stored in each of the two Regions. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an S3 bucket in each Region. 
Configure the S3 buckets to use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption 
keys (SSE-S3). 
Configure replication between the S3 buckets. 
B. Create a customer managed multi-Region KMS key.  
Create an S3 bucket in each Region.  
Configure replication between the S3 buckets.  
Configure the application to use the KMS key with client-side encryption. 
C. Create a customer managed KMS key and an S3 bucket in each Region. 
Configure the S3 buckets to use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption 
keys (SSE-S3). 
Configure replication between the S3 buckets. 
D. Create a customer managed KMS key and an S3 bucket in each Region. 
Configure the S3 buckets to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). 
Configure replication between the S3 buckets. 
 
Answer: B 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
99 
Explanation: 
KMS Multi-region keys are required. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/multi-region-keys-overview.html 
 
 
QUESTION 185 
A company is using a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances to ingest data from on-premises data 
sources. The data is in JSON format and ingestion rates can be as high as 1 MB/s. When an EC2 
instance is rebooted, the data in-flight is lost. 
 
The company's data science team wants to query ingested data near-real time. 
 
Which solution provides near-real-time data querying that is scalable with minimal data loss? 
 
A. Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. 
Use Kinesis Data Analytics to query the data. 
B. Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose with Amazon Redshift as the destination. 
Use Amazon Redshift to query the data. 
C. Store ingested data in an EC2 instance store. 
Publish data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose with Amazon S3 as the destination. 
Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 
D. Store ingested data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. 
Publish data to Amazon ElastiCache for Redis. 
Subscribe to the Redis channel to query the data. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Kinesis data streams consists of shards. The more througput is needed, the more shards you 
add, the less throughput, the more shards you remove, so it's scalable. Each shard can handle 
up to 1MB/s of writes. 
However Kinesis data streams stores ingested data for only 1 to 7 days so there is a chance of 
data loss. Additionally, 
Kinesis data analytics and kinesis data streams are both for real-time ingestion and analytics. 
Firehouse on the other hand is also scalable and processes data in near real time as per the 
requirement. It also transfers data into Redshift which is a data warehouse so data won't be lost. 
Redshift also has a SQL interface for performing queries for data analytics. 
 
 
QUESTION 186 
A company is developing a mobile game that streams score updates to a backend processor and 
then posts results on a leaderboard. 
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that can handle large traffic spikes, process the 
mobile game updates in order of receipt, and store the processed updates in a highly available 
database. The company also wants to minimize the management overhead required to maintain 
the solution. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. 
Process the updates in Kinesis Data Streams with AWS Lambda. 
Store the processed updates in Amazon DynamoDB. 
B. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. 
Process the updates with a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances set up for Auto Scaling. 
Store the processed updates in Amazon Redshift. 
C. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
100 
Subscribe an AWS Lambda function to the SNS topic to process the updates. 
Store the processed updates in a SQL database running on Amazon EC2. 
D. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
Use a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances with Auto Scaling to process the updates in the SOS 
queue. 
Store the processed updates in an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Keywords to focus on would be highly available database - DynamoDB would be a better choice 
for leaderboard. 
 
 
QUESTION 187 
An ecommerce website is deploying its web application as Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) container instance behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). During periods of 
high activity, the website slows down and availability is reduced. A solutions architect uses 
Amazon CloudWatch alarms to receive notifications whenever there is an availability issues so 
they can scale out resource Company management wants a solution that automatically responds 
to such events. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when there are timeouts on the ALB. 
Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is 
too high. 
B. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when the ALB CPU utilization is too 
high.  
Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is 
too high. 
C. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when the service's CPU utilization is too 
high. 
Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is 
too high. 
D. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when the ALB target group CPU 
utilization is too high. 
Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is 
too high. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Match deployed capacity to the incoming application load, using scaling policies for both the ECS 
service and the Auto Scaling group in which the ECS cluster runs. Scaling up cluster instances 
and service tasks when needed and safely scaling them down when demand subsides, keeps 
you out of the capacity guessing game. This provides you high availability with lowered costs in 
the long run. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/automatic-scaling-with-amazon-ecs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 188 
A company has no existing file share services. A new project requires access to file storage that 
is mountable as a drive for on-premises desktops. The file server must authenticate users to an 
Active Directory domain before they are able to access the storage. 
Which service will allow Active Directory users to mount storage as a drive on their desktops? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
101 
A. AWS S3 Glacier 
B. AWS DataSync 
C. AWS Snowball Edge 
D. AWS Storage Gateway 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Before you create an SMB file share, make sure that you configure SMB security settings for your 
file gateway.  
You also configure either Microsoft Active Directory (AD) or guest access for authentication. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/userguide/CreatingAnSMBFileShare.html 
 
 
QUESTION 189 
Management has decided to deploy all AWS VPCs with IPv6 enabled. After sometime, a 
solutions architect tries to launch a new instance and receives an error stating that there is no 
enough IP address space available in the subnet. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to fix this? 
 
A. Check to make sure that only IPv6 was used during the VPC creation 
B. Create a new IPv4 subnet with a larger range, and then launch the instance 
C. Create a new IPv6-only subnet with a larger range, and then launch the instance 
D. Disable the IPv4 subnet and migrate all instances to IPv6 only.  
Once that is complete, launch the instance. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://cloudonaut.io/getting-started-with-ipv6-on-aws/ 
First of all, there is no IPv6-only VPC on AWS. A VPC is always IPv4 enabled, but you can 
optionally enable IPv6 (dual-stack). 
 
 
QUESTION 190 
A company operates an ecommerce website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application 
Load Balancer (ALB) in an Auto Scaling group. The site is experiencing performance issues 
related to a high request rate from illegitimate external systems with changing IP addresses. The 
security team is worried about potential DDoS attacks against the website. The company must 
block the illegitimate incoming requests in a way that has a minimal impact on legitimate users. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Deploy Amazon Inspector and associate it with the ALB. 
B. Deploy AWS WAF, associate it with the ALB, and configure a rate-limiting rule. 
C. Deploy rules to the network ACLs associated with the ALB to block the incoming traffic. 
D. Deploy Amazon GuardDuty and enable rate-limiting protection when configuring GuardDuty. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Rate limit 
For a rate-based rule, enter the maximum number of requests to allow in any five-minute period 
from an IP address that matches the rule's conditions. The rate limit must be at least 100. 
 
You can specify a rate limit alone, or a rate limit and conditions. If you specify only a rate limit, 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
102 
AWS WAF places the limit on all IP addresses. If you specify a rate limit and conditions, AWS 
WAF places the limit on IP addresses that match the conditions. 
 
When an IP address reaches the rate limit threshold, AWS WAF applies the assigned action 
(block or count) as quickly as possible, usually within 30 seconds. Once the action is in place, if 
five minutes pass with no requests from the IP address, AWS WAF resets the counter to zero. 
 
 
QUESTION 191 
A media company is evaluating the possibility of moving its systems to the AWS Cloud. The 
company needs at least 10 TB of storage with the maximum possible I/O performance for video 
processing, 300 TB of very durable storage for storing media content, and 900 TB of storage to 
meet requirements for archival media that is not in use anymore. 
Which set of services should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon EBS for maximum performance. 
Amazon S3 for durable data storage, and Amazon S3 Glacier for archival storage. 
B. Amazon EBS for maximum performance. 
Amazon EFS for durable data storage and Amazon S3 Glacier for archival storage. 
C. Amazon EC2 instance store for maximum performance.  
Amazon EFS for durable data storage and Amazon S3 for archival storage. 
D. Amazon EC2 Instance store for maximum performance.  
Amazon S3 for durable data storage, and Amazon S3 Glacier for archival storage. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Max instance store possible at this time is 30TB for NVMe which has the higher I/O compared to 
EBS. 
is4gen.8xlarge 4 x 7,500 GB (30 TB) NVMe SSD 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/InstanceStorage.html#instance-store-
volumes 
 
 
QUESTION 192 
A company wants to run applications in containers in the AWS Cloud. These applications are 
stateless and can tolerate disruptions within the underlying infrastructure. The company needs a 
solution that minimizes cost and operational overhead. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application containers. 
B. Use Spot Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed node 
group. 
C. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to run the application 
containers. 
D. Use On-Demand Instances in an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) managed 
node group. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Running your Kubernetes and containerized workloads on Amazon EC2 Spot Instances is a great 
way to save costs. ... AWS makes it easy to run Kubernetes with Amazon Elastic Kubernetes 
Service (EKS) a managed Kubernetes service to run production-grade workloads on AWS. To 
cost optimize these workloads, run them on Spot Instances.  
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/cost-optimization-and-resilience-eks-with-spot-instances/ 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
103 
 
 
QUESTION 193 
A company is running a multi-tier web application on premises. The web application is 
containerized and runs on a number of Linux hosts connected to a PostgreSQL database that 
contains user records. The operational overhead of maintaining the infrastructure and capacity 
planning is limiting the company's growth. A solutions architect must improve the application's 
infrastructure. 
 
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to accomplish this? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora 
B. Migrate the web application to be hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. 
C. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the web application content. 
D. Set up Amazon ElastiCache between the web application and the PostgreSQL database. 
E. Migrate the web application to be hosted on AWS Fargate with Amazon Elastic Container 
Service (Amazon ECS). 
 
Answer: AE 
Explanation: 
A - Aurora supports PostgreSQL.  
E - The existing WebApp already run in containers On-Prem and is logical to migrate to a cloud 
container svc like serverless Fargate on ECS. 
 
 
QUESTION 194 
An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. The instances 
run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. The application 
performs best when the CPU utilization of the EC2 instances is at or near 40%.  
What should a solutions architect do to maintain the desired performance across all instances in 
the group? 
 
A. Use a simple scaling policy to dynamically scale the Auto Scaling group 
B. Use a target tracking policy to dynamically scale the Auto Scaling group 
C. Use an AWS Lambda function to update the desired Auto Scaling group capacity. 
D. Use scheduled scaling actions to scale up and scale down the Auto Scaling group 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
With a target tracking scaling policy, you can increase or decrease the current capacity of the 
group based on a target value for a specific metric. This policy will help resolve the over-
provisioning of your resources. The scaling policy adds or removes capacity as required to keep 
the metric at, or close to, the specified target value. In addition to keeping the metric close to the 
target value, a target tracking scaling policy also adjusts to changes in the metric due to a 
changing load pattern. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/application/userguide/application-auto-scaling-target-
tracking.html 
 
 
QUESTION 195 
A company is developing a file-sharing application that will use an Amazon S3 bucket for storage. 
The company wants to serve all the files through an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The 
company does not want the files to be accessible through direct navigation to the S3 URL. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
104 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Write individual policies for each S3 bucket to grant read permission for only CloudFront access.
B. Create an IAM user. Grant the user read permission to objects in the S3 bucket. 
Assign the user to CloudFront. 
C. Write an S3 bucket policy that assigns the CloudFront distribution ID as the Principal and 
assigns the target S3 bucket as the Amazon Resource Name (ARN). 
D. Create an origin access identity (OAI). Assign the OAI to the CloudFront distribution.  
Configure the S3 bucket permissions so that only the OAI has read permission. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Create a CloudFront origin access identity (OAI) 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/cloudfront-access-to-amazon-s3/ 
 
 
QUESTION 196 
A company's website provides users with downloadable historical performance reports. The 
website needs a solution that will scale to meet the company's website demands globally. The 
solution should be cost-effective, limit the provisioning of infrastructure resources, and provide the 
fastest possible response time. 
 
Which combination should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 
B. AWS Lambda and Amazon DynamoDB 
C. Application Load Balancer with Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling 
D. Amazon Route 53 with internal Application Load Balancers 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
The solution should be cost-effective, limit the provisioning of infrastructure resources, and 
provide the fastest possible response time. 
 
 
QUESTION 197 
A company runs an Oracle database on premises. As part of the company's migration to AWS, 
the company wants to upgrade the database to the most recent available version. The company 
also wants to set up disaster recovery (DR) for the database. The company needs to minimize 
the operational overhead for normal operations and DR setup. The company also needs to 
maintain access to the database's underlying operating system. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the Oracle database to an Amazon EC2 instance.  
Set up database replication to a different AWS Region. 
B. Migrate the Oracle database to Amazon RDS for Oracle.  
Activate Cross-Region automated backups to replicate the snapshots to another AWS Region. 
C. Migrate the Oracle database to Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle.  
Create a read replica for the database in another AWS Region. 
D. Migrate the Oracle database to Amazon RDS for Oracle.  
Create a standby database in another Availability Zone. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
105 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/rds-custom.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/working-with-custom-oracle.html 
 
 
QUESTION 198 
A company wants to move its application to a serverless solution. The serverless solution needs 
to analyze existing and new data by using SQL. The company stores the data in an Amazon S3 
bucket. The data requires encryption and must be replicated to a different AWS Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a new S3 bucket. Load the data into the new S3 bucket.  
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in 
another Region.  
Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region kays (SSE-KMS).  
Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 
B. Create a new S3 bucket. Load the data into the new S3 bucket.  
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in 
another Region.  
Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region keys (SSE-KMS).  
Use Amazon RDS to query the data. 
C. Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. 
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in 
another Region.  
Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3).  
Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 
D. Load the data into the existing S3 bucket. 
Use S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to replicate encrypted objects to an S3 bucket in 
another Region.  
Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3).  
Use Amazon RDS to query the data. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 Bucket Keys reduce the cost of Amazon S3 server-side encryption using AWS Key 
Management Service (SSE-KMS). This new bucket-level key for SSE can reduce AWS KMS 
request costs by up to 99 percent by decreasing the request traffic from Amazon S3 to AWS 
KMS. With a few clicks in the AWS Management Console, and without any changes to your client 
applications, you can configure your bucket to use an S3 Bucket Key for AWS KMS-based 
encryption on new objects. 
The Existing S3 bucket might have uncrypted data - encryption will apply new data received after 
the applying of encryption on the new bucket. 
 
 
QUESTION 199 
A company runs workloads on AWS. The company needs to connect to a service from an 
external provider. The service is hosted in the provider's VPC. According to the company's 
security team, the connectivity must be private and must be restricted to the target service. The 
connection must be initiated only from the company's VPC. 
 
Which solution will mast these requirements? 
 
A. Create a VPC peering connection between the company's VPC and the provider's VPC.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
106 
Update the route table to connect to the target service. 
B. Ask the provider to create a virtual private gateway in its VPC.  
Use AWS PrivateLink to connect to the target service. 
C. Create a NAT gateway in a public subnet of the company's VPC.  
Update the route table to connect to the target service. 
D. Ask the provider to create a VPC endpoint for the target service.  
Use AWS PrivateLink to connect to the target service. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS PrivateLink provides private connectivity between VPCs, AWS services, and your on-
premises networks, without exposing your traffic to the public internet. AWS PrivateLink makes it 
easy to connect services across different accounts and VPCs to significantly simplify your 
network architecture. 
Interface **VPC endpoints**, powered by AWS PrivateLink, connect you to services hosted by 
AWS Partners and supported solutions available in AWS Marketplace. 
https://aws.amazon.com/privatelink/ 
 
 
QUESTION 200 
A company is migrating its on-premises PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL. 
The on-premises database must remain online and accessible during the migration. The Aurora 
database must remain synchronized with the on-premises database. 
 
Which combination of actions must a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Create an ongoing replication task. 
B. Create a database backup of the on-premises database 
C. Create an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication server 
D. Convert the database schema by using the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT). 
E. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to monitor the database 
synchronization 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) helps you migrate databases to AWS quickly and 
securely. The source database remains fully operational during the migration, minimizing 
downtime to applications that rely on the database. 
With AWS Database Migration Service, you can also continuously replicate data with low latency 
from any supported source to any supported target. 
https://aws.amazon.com/dms/ 
 
 
QUESTION 201 
A company uses AWS Organizations to create dedicated AWS accounts for each business unit to 
manage each business unit's account independently upon request. The root email recipient 
missed a notification that was sent to the root user email address of one account. The company 
wants to ensure that all future notifications are not missed. Future notifications must be limited to 
account administrators. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the company's email server to forward notification email messages that are sent to 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
107 
the AWS account root user email address to all users in the organization. 
B. Configure all AWS account root user email addresses as distribution lists that go to a few 
administrators who can respond to alerts. Configure AWS account alternate contacts in the 
AWS Organizations console or programmatically. 
C. Configure all AWS account root user email messages to be sent to one administrator who is 
responsible for monitoring alerts and forwarding those alerts to the appropriate groups. 
D. Configure all existing AWS accounts and all newly created accounts to use the same root user 
email address.  
Configure AWS account alternate contacts in the AWS Organizations console or 
programmatically. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Use a group email address for the management account's root user 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_best-practices_mgmt-
acct.html#best-practices_mgmt-acct_email-address 
 
 
QUESTION 202 
A company recently launched a variety of new workloads on Amazon EC2 instances in its AWS 
account. The company needs to create a strategy to access and administer the instances 
remotely and securely. The company needs to implement a repeatable process that works with 
native AWS services and follows the AWS Well-Architected Framework.  
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use the EC2 serial console to directly access the terminal interface of each instance for 
administration. 
B. Attach the appropriate IAM role to each existing instance and new instance.  
Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to establish a remote SSH session. 
C. Create an administrative SSH key pair.  
Load the public key into each EC2 instance.  
Deploy a bastion host in a public subnet to provide a tunnel for administration of each instance. 
D. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection.  
Instruct administrators to use their local on-premises machines to connect directly to the 
instances by using SSH keys across the VPN tunnel. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/setup-launch-managed-
instance.html 
 
 
QUESTION 203 
A company is hosting a static website on Amazon S3 and is using Amazon Route 53 for DNS. 
The website is experiencing increased demand from around the world. The company must 
decrease latency for users who access the website. 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Replicate the S3 bucket that contains the website to all AWS Regions.  
Add Route 53 geolocation routing entries. 
B. Provision accelerators in AWS Global Accelerator.  
Associate the supplied IP addresses with the S3 bucket.  
Edit the Route 53 entries to point to the IP addresses of the accelerators. 
C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the S3 bucket.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
108 
Edit the Route 53 entries to point to the CloudFront distribution. 
D. Enable S3 Transfer Acceleration on the bucket.  
Edit the Route 53 entries to point to the new endpoint. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 204 
A company maintains a searchable repository of items on its website. The data is stored in an 
Amazon RDS for MySQL database table that contains more than 10 million rows. The database 
has 2 TB of General Purpose SSD storage. There are millions of updates against this data every 
day through the company's website. 
The company has noticed that some insert operations are taking 10 seconds or longer. 
The company has determined that the database storage performance is the problem. 
Which solution addresses this performance issue? 
 
A. Change the storage type to Provisioned IOPS SSD 
B. Change the DB instance to a memory optimized instance class 
C. Change the DB instance to a burstable performance instance class 
D. Enable Multi-AZ RDS read replicas with MySQL native asynchronous replication. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Provisioned IOPS volumes are backed by solid-state drives (SSDs) and are the highest 
performance EBS volumes designed for your critical, I/O intensive database applications. These 
volumes are ideal for both IOPS-intensive and throughput-intensive workloads that require 
extremely low latency. 
https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/features/ 
 
 
QUESTION 205 
A company has thousands of edge devices that collectively generate 1 TB of status alerts each 
day. Each alert is approximately 2 KB in size.  
A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to ingest and store the alerts for future 
analysis. 
The company wants a highly available solution. However, the company needs to minimize costs 
and does not want to manage additional infrastructure. Additionally, the company wants to keep 
14 days of data available for immediate analysis and archive any data older than 14 days. 
 
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to ingest the alerts. 
Configure the Kinesis Data Firehose stream to deliver the alerts to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Set up an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition data to Amazon S3 Glacier after 14 days. 
B. Launch Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones and place them behind an Elastic 
Load Balancer to ingest the alerts. 
Create a script on the EC2 instances that will store tne alerts in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Set up an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition data to Amazon S3 Glacier after 14 days. 
C. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to ingest the alerts. 
Configure the Kinesis Data Firehose stream to deliver the alerts to an Amazon Elasticsearch 
Service (Amazon ES) duster.  
Set up the Amazon ES cluster to take manual snapshots every day and delete data from the 
duster that is older than 14 days 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue to ingest the alerts 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
109 
and set the message retention period to 14 days. 
Configure consumers to poll the SQS queue check the age of the message and analyze the 
message data as needed If the message is 14 days old the consumer should copy the message 
to an Amazon S3 bucket and delete the message from the SQS queue. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Definitely A, it's the most operationally efficient compared to D, which requires a lot of code and 
infrastructure to maintain. A is mostly managed (firehose is fully managed and S3 lifecycles are 
also managed). 
 
 
QUESTION 206 
A company's application integrates with multiple software-as-a-service (SaaS) sources for data 
collection. The company runs Amazon EC2 instances to receive the data and to upload the data 
to an Amazon S3 bucket for analysis. The same EC2 instance that receives and uploads the data 
also sends a notification to the user when an upload is complete. The company has noticed slow 
application performance and wants to improve the performance as much as possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Auto Scaling group so that EC2 instances can scale out.  
Configure an S3 event notification to send events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic when the upload to the S3 bucket is complete. 
B. Create an Amazon AppFlow flow to transfer data between each SaaS source and the S3 
bucket. 
Configure an S3 event notification to send events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic when the upload to the S3 bucket is complete. 
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule for each SaaS source to 
send output data.  
Configure the S3 bucket as the rule's target.  
Create a second EventBridge (CloudWatch Events) rule to send events when the upload to the 
S3 bucket is complete.  
Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as the second rule's 
target. 
D. Create a Docker container to use instead of an EC2 instance. Host the containerized application 
on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS).  
Configure Amazon CloudWatch Container Insights to send events to an Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when the upload to the S3 bucket is complete. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon AppFlow is a fully managed integration service that enables you to securely transfer data 
between Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications like Salesforce, SAP, Zendesk, Slack, and 
ServiceNow, and AWS services like Amazon S3 and Amazon Redshift, in just a few clicks. 
https://aws.amazon.com/appflow/ 
 
 
QUESTION 207 
A company runs a highly available image-processing application on Amazon EC2 instances in a 
single VPC. The EC2 instances run inside several subnets across multiple Availability Zones. The 
EC2 instances do not communicate with each other. However, the EC2 instances download 
images from Amazon S3 and upload images to Amazon S3 through a single NAT gateway. The 
company is concerned about data transfer charges. 
What is the MOST cost-effective way for the company to avoid Regional data transfer charges? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
110 
 
A. Launch the NAT gateway in each Availability Zone 
B. Replace the NAT gateway with a NAT instance 
C. Deploy a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 
D. Provision an EC2 Dedicated Host to run the EC2 instances 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
VPC gateway endpoints allow communication to Amazon S3 and Amazon DynamoDB without 
incurring data transfer charges within the same Region. On the other hand NAT gateway incurs 
additional data processing charges. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/overview-of-data-transfer-costs-for-common-
architectures/ 
 
 
QUESTION 208 
A company has an on-premises application that generates a large amount of time-sensitive data 
that is backed up to Amazon S3. The application has grown and there are user complaints about 
internet bandwidth limitations. A solutions architect needs to design a long-term solution that 
allows for both timely backups to Amazon S3 and with minimal impact on internet connectivity for 
internal users. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Establish AWS VPN connections and proxy all traffic through a VPC gateway endpoint 
B. Establish a new AWS Direct Connect connection and direct backup traffic through this new 
connection. 
C. Order daily AWS Snowball devices Load the data onto the Snowball devices and return the 
devices to AWS each day. 
D. Submit a support ticket through the AWS Management Console. Request the removal of S3 
service limits from the account. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Direct connect is a dedicated connection between on-prem and AWS, this is the way to ensure 
stable network connectivity that will not wax and wane like internet connectivity. 
 
 
QUESTION 209 
A company has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains critical data. The company must protect the 
data from accidental deletion. 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Enable versioning on the S3 bucket. 
B. Enable MFA Delete on the S3 bucket. 
C. Create a bucket policy on the S3 bucket. 
D. Enable default encryption on the S3 bucket. 
E. Create a lifecycle policy for the objects in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: AB 
Explanation: 
To prevent or mitigate future accidental deletions, consider the following features: 
- Enable versioning to keep historical versions of an object. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
111 
- Enable Cross-Region Replication of objects. 
- Enable MFA delete to require multi-factor authentication (MFA) when deleting an object version. 
https://aws.amazon.com/it/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/s3-audit-deleted-missing-objects/ 
 
 
QUESTION 210 
A company has a data ingestion workflow that consists the following: 
 
- An Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic for 
notifications about new data deliveries. 
- An AWS Lambda function to process the data and record metadata 
 
The company observes that the ingestion workflow fails occasionally because of network 
connectivity issues. When such a failure occurs, the Lambda function does not ingest the 
corresponding data unless the company manually reruns the job.  
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to ensure that the Lambda 
function ingests all data in the future? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure the Lambda function In multiple Availability Zones. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue, and subscribe It to me SNS 
topic. 
C. Increase the CPU and memory that are allocated to the Lambda function. 
D. Increase provisioned throughput for the Lambda function. 
E. Modify the Lambda function to read from an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queue 
 
Answer: BE 
Explanation: 
A, C, D options are wrong, since Lambda is fully managed service which provides high availability 
and scalability by its own. 
 
 
QUESTION 211 
A company's web application is running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load 
Balancer. The company recently changed its policy, which now requires the application to be 
accessed from one specific country only. 
Which configuration will meet this requirement? 
 
A. Configure the security group for the EC2 instances. 
B. Configure the security group on the Application Load Balancer. 
C. Configure AWS WAF on the Application Load Balancer in a VPC. 
D. Configure the network ACL for the subnet that contains the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Geographic (Geo) Match Conditions in AWS WAF. This new condition type allows you to use 
AWS WAF to restrict application access based on the geographic location of your viewers. With 
geo match conditions you can choose the countries from which AWS WAF should allow access. 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/10/aws-waf-now-supports-geographic-
match/ 
 
 
QUESTION 212 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
112 
A company has a multi-tier application that runs six front-end web servers in an Amazon EC2 
Auto Scaling group in a single Availability Zone behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A 
solutions architect needs to modify the infrastructure to be highly available without modifying the 
application. 
 
Which architecture should the solutions architect choose that provides high availability? 
 
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that uses three instances across each of two Regions. 
B. Modify the Auto Scaling group to use three instances across each of two Availability Zones. 
C. Create an Auto Scaling template that can be used to quickly create more instances in another 
Region. 
D. Change the ALB in front of the Amazon EC2 instances in a round-robin configuration to balance 
traffic to the web tier. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
High availability can be enabled for this architecture quite simply by modifying the existing Auto 
Scaling group to use multiple availability zones. The ASG will automatically balance the load so 
you don't actually need to specify the instances per AZ. 
 
 
QUESTION 213 
Organizers for a global event want to put daily reports online as static HTML pages. The pages 
are expected to generate millions of views from users around the world. The files are stored In an 
Amazon S3 bucket. A solutions architect has been asked to design an efficient and effective 
solution. Which action should the solutions architect take to accomplish this? 
 
A. Generate presigned URLs for the files. 
B. Use cross-Region replication to all Regions. 
C. Use the geoproximity feature of Amazon Route 53. 
D. Use Amazon CloudFront with the S3 bucket as its origin. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) offered by Amazon Web Services (AWS). It 
functions as a reverse proxy service that caches web content across AWS's global data centers, 
improving loading speeds and reducing the strain on origin servers. CloudFront can be used to 
efficiently deliver large amounts of static or dynamic content anywhere in the world. 
 
 
QUESTION 214 
A company runs an application using Amazon ECS. The application creates resized versions of 
an original image and then makes Amazon S3 API calls to store the resized images in Amazon 
S3. 
How can a solutions architect ensure that the application has permission to access Amazon S3? 
 
A. Update the S3 role in AWS IAM to allow read/write access from Amazon ECS, and then relaunch 
the container. 
B. Create an IAM role with S3 permissions, and then specify that role as the taskRoleArn in the task 
definition. 
C. Create a security group that allows access from Amazon ECS to Amazon S3, and update the 
launch configuration used by the ECS cluster. 
D. Create an IAM user with S3 permissions, and then relaunch the Amazon EC2 instances for the 
ECS cluster while logged in as this account. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
113 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
The short name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Identity and Access 
Management (IAM) role that grants containers in the task permission to call AWS APIs on your 
behalf. 
 
 
QUESTION 215 
A solutions architect needs to securely store a database user name and password that an 
application uses to access an Amazon RDS DB instance. The application that accesses the 
database runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The solutions architect wants to create a secure 
parameter in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. 
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Create an IAM role that has read access to the Parameter Store parameter. 
Allow Decrypt access to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to 
encrypt the parameter. 
Assign this IAM role to the EC2 instance. 
B. Create an IAM policy that allows read access to the Parameter Store parameter. 
Allow Decrypt access to an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key that is used to 
encrypt the parameter. 
Assign this IAM policy to the EC2 instance. 
C. Create an IAM trust relationship between the Parameter Store parameter and the EC2 instance. 
Specify Amazon RDS as a principal in the trust policy. 
D. Create an IAM trust relationship between the DB instance and the EC2 instance. 
Specify Systems Manager as a principal in the trust policy. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
There should be the Decrypt access to KMS. 
"If you choose the SecureString parameter type when you create your parameter, Systems 
Manager uses AWS KMS to encrypt the parameter value." 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-
store.html 
 
 
QUESTION 216 
A company is running a batch application on Amazon EC2 instances.  
The application consists of a backend with multiple Amazon RDS databases.  
The application is causing a high number of leads on the databases.  
A solutions architect must reduce the number of database reads while ensuring high availability. 
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Add Amazon RDS read replicas. 
B. Use Amazon ElasbCache for Redls. 
C. Use Amazon Route 53 DNS caching. 
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Use ElastiCache to reduce reading and choose redis to ensure high availability. 
 
 
QUESTION 217 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
114 
A security team wants to limit access to specific services or actions in all of the team's AWS 
accounts. All accounts belong to a large organization in AWS Organizations. The solution must 
be scalable and there must be a single point where permissions can be maintained.  
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Create an ACL to provide access to the services or actions. 
B. Create a security group to allow accounts and attach it to user groups. 
C. Create cross-account roles in each account to deny access to the services or actions. 
D. Create a service control policy in the root organizational unit to deny access to the services or 
actions. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Service control policies (SCPs) are one type of policy that you can use to manage your 
organization. SCPs offer central control over the maximum available permissions for all accounts 
in your organization, allowing you to ensure your accounts stay within your organization's access 
control guidelines. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scp.html. 
 
 
QUESTION 218 
A company is concerned about the security of its public web application due to recent web 
attacks. The application uses an Application Load Balancer (ALB). A solutions architect must 
reduce the risk of DDoS attacks against the application. 
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Add an Amazon Inspector agent to the ALB. 
B. Configure Amazon Macie to prevent attacks. 
C. Enable AWS Shield Advanced to prevent attacks. 
D. Configure Amazon GuardDuty to monitor the ALB. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) protection service that helps 
protect web applications running on AWS from DDoS attacks. AWS Shield Advanced is an 
additional layer of protection that provides enhanced DDoS protection capabilities, including 
proactive monitoring and automatic inline mitigations, to help protect against even the largest and 
most sophisticated DDoS attacks. By enabling AWS Shield Advanced, the solutions architect can 
help protect the application from DDoS attacks and reduce the risk of disruption to the 
application. 
 
 
QUESTION 219 
A company runs a production application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The application 
reads the data from an Amazon SQS queue and processes the messages in parallel. The 
message volume is unpredictable and often has intermittent traffic. This application should 
continually process messages without any downtime. 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use Spot Instances exclusively to handle the maximum capacity required. 
B. Use Reserved Instances exclusively to handle the maximum capacity required. 
C. Use Reserved Instances for the baseline capacity and use Spot Instances to handle additional 
capacity. 
D. Use Reserved Instances for the baseline capacity and use On-Demand Instances to handle 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
115 
additional capacity. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
We recommend that you use On-Demand Instances for applications with short-term, irregular 
workloads that cannot be interrupted. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-on-demand-instances.html 
 
 
QUESTION 220 
A solutions architect must design a solution that uses Amazon CloudFront with an Amazon S3 
origin to store a static website. The companys security policy requires that all website traffic be 
inspected by AWS WAF. 
How should the solutions architect comply with these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an S3 bucket policy lo accept requests coming from the AWS WAF Amazon Resource 
Name (ARN) only. 
B. Configure Amazon CloudFront to forward all incoming requests to AWS WAF before requesting 
content from the S3 origin. 
C. Configure a security group that allows Amazon CloudFront IP addresses to access Amazon S3 
only. 
Associate AWS WAF to CloudFront. 
D. Configure Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to use an origin access identity (OAI) to restrict 
access to the S3 bucket. Enable AWS WAF on the distribution. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Use an OAI to lockdown CloudFront to S3 origin & enable WAF on CF distribution. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/private-content-
restricting-access-to-s3.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/distribution-web-
awswaf.html 
 
 
QUESTION 221 
A company wants to manage Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). The company currently copies 
AMIs to the same AWS Region where the AMIs were created. The company needs to design an 
application that captures AWS API calls and sends alerts whenever the Amazon EC2 
Createlmage API operation is called within the company's account. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to query AWS CloudTrail logs and to send an alert when a 
Createlmage API call is detected. 
B. Configure AWS CloudTrail with an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 
notification that occurs when updated logs are sent to Amazon S3. 
Use Amazon Athena to create a new table and to query on Createlmage when an API call is 
detected. 
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule for the Createlmage API call. 
Configure the target as an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send an 
alert when a Createlmage API call is detected. 
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue as a target for AWS 
CloudTrail logs. 
Create an AWS Lambda function to send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic when a Createlmage API call is detected. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
116 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
To create an EventBridge rule to send a notification when an AMI is created and in the available 
state. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/monitor-ami-events.html 
 
 
QUESTION 222 
An online retail company has more than 50 million active customers and receives more than 
25,000 orders each day. The company collects purchase data for customers and stores this data 
in Amazon S3. Additional customer data is stored in Amazon RDS. The company wants to make 
all the data available to various teams so that the teams can perform analytics. The solution must 
provide the ability to manage fine-grained permissions for the data and must minimize operational 
overhead. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the purchase data to write directly to Amazon RDS. 
Use RDS access controls to limit access. 
B. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon RDS to Amazon S3. 
Create an AWS Glue crawler. 
Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 
Use S3 policies to limit access. 
C. Create a data lake by using AWS Lake Formation. 
Create an AWS Glue JDBC connection to Amazon RDS. 
Register (he S3 bucket in Lake Formation. 
Use Lake Formation access controls to limit access. 
D. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. 
Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS 
to Amazon Redshift. 
Use Amazon Redshift access controls to limit access. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Manage fine-grained access control using AWS Lake Formation. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/manage-fine-grained-access-control-using-aws-lake-
formation/ 
 
 
QUESTION 223 
A company owns an asynchronous API that is used to ingest user requests and, based on the 
request type, dispatch requests to the appropriate microservice for processing. The company is 
using Amazon API Gateway to deploy the API front end, and an AWS Lambda function that 
invokes Amazon DynamoDB to store user requests before dispatching them to the processing 
microservices. The company provisioned as much DynamoDB throughput as its budget allows, 
but the company is still experiencing availability issues and is losing user requests. 
What should a solutions architect do to address this issue without impacting existing users? 
 
A. Add throttling on the API Gateway with server-side throttling limits. 
B. Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) and Lambda to buffer writes to DynamoDB. 
C. Create a secondary index in DynamoDB for the table with the user requests. 
D. Use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue and Lambda to buffer writes to 
DynamoDB. 
 
Answer: D 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
117 
Explanation: 
because all other options put some more charges to DynamoDB. But the company supplied as 
much as they can for DynamoDB. And it is async request and we need to have retry mechanism 
not to lose the customer data. 
 
 
QUESTION 224 
A company needs to move data from an Amazon EC2 instance to an Amazon S3 bucket. The 
company must ensure that no API calls and no data are routed through public internet routes. 
Only the EC2 instance can have access to upload data to the S3 bucket. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the subnet where the EC2 instance is 
located. 
Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance's IAM role for access. 
B. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the Availability Zone where the EC2 instance 
is located. 
Attach appropriate security groups to the endpoint. 
Attach a resource policy lo the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance's IAM role for access. 
C. Run the nslookup tool from inside the EC2 instance to obtain the private IP address of the S3 
bucket's service API endpoint. 
Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket.  
Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance's IAM role for access. 
D. Use the AWS provided, publicly available ip-ranges.json tile to obtain the private IP address of the 
S3 bucket's service API endpoint. 
Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket. 
Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance's IAM role for access. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/connect-s3-vpc-endpoint/ 
 
 
QUESTION 225 
A gaming company hosts a browser-based application on AWS. The users of the application 
consume a large number of videos and images that are stored in Amazon S3. This content is the 
same for all users. 
The application has increased in popularity, and millions of users worldwide accessing these 
media files. The company wants to provide the files to the users while reducing the load on the 
origin. 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Deploy an AWS Global Accelerator accelerator in front of the web servers. 
B. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront web distribution in front of the S3 bucket. 
C. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis instance in front of the web servers. 
D. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached instance in front of the web servers. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Cloud front is best for content delivery. Global Accelerator is best for non-HTTP (TCP/UDP) 
cases and supports HTTP cases as well but with static IP (elastic IP) or anycast IP address only. 
 
 
QUESTION 226 
A company has two applications: a sender application that sends messages with payloads to be 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
118 
processed and a processing application intended to receive the messages with payloads. The 
company wants to implement an AWS service to handle messages between the two applications. 
The sender application can send about 1.000 messages each hour. The messages may take up 
to 2 days to be processed. If the messages fail to process, they must be retained so that they do 
not impact the processing of any remaining messages. 
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient? 
 
A. Set up an Amazon EC2 instance running a Redis database. 
Configure both applications to use the instance. 
Store, process, and delete the messages, respectively. 
B. Use an Amazon Kinesis data stream to receive the messages from the sender application. 
Integrate the processing application with the Kinesis Client Library (KCL). 
C. Integrate the sender and processor applications with an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) queue. 
Configure a dead-letter queue to collect the messages that failed to process. 
D. Subscribe the processing application to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 
topic to receive notifications to process. 
Integrate the sender application to write to the SNS topic. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon SQS supports dead-letter queues (DLQ), which other queues (source queues) can 
target for messages that can't be processed (consumed) successfully. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-dead-
letter-queues.html 
 
 
QUESTION 227 
A company has an AWS account used for software engineering. The AWS account has access to 
the company's on-premises data center through a pair of AWS Direct Connect connections. All 
non-VPC traffic routes to the virtual private gateway. 
A development team recently created an AWS Lambda function through the console. 
The development team needs to allow the function to access a database that runs in a private 
subnet in the company's data center. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the Lambda function to run in the VPC with the appropriate security group. 
B. Set up a VPN connection from AWS to the data center. Route the traffic from the Lambda 
function through the VPN. 
C. Update the route tables in the VPC to allow the Lambda function to access the on-premises data 
center through Direct Connect. 
D. Create an Elastic IP address. Configure the Lambda function to send traffic through the Elastic IP 
address without an elastic network interface. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
To connect to another AWS service, you can use VPC endpoints for private communications 
between your VPC and supported AWS services. An alternative approach is to use a NAT 
gateway to route outbound traffic to another AWS service. 
To give your function access to the internet, route outbound traffic to a NAT gateway in a public 
subnet. The NAT gateway has a public IP address and can connect to the internet through the 
VPC's internet gateway. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/foundation-networking.html#foundation-nw-
connecting 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
119 
 
QUESTION 228 
A company has a legacy data processing application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Data is 
processed sequentially, but the order of results does not matter. The application uses a 
monolithic architecture. The only way that the company can scale the application to meet 
increased demand is to increase the size of the instances. 
The company's developers have decided to rewrite the application to use a microservices 
architecture on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). 
What should a solutions architect recommend for communication between the microservices? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
Add code to the data producers, and send data to the queue. 
Add code to the data consumers to process data from the queue. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. 
Add code to the data producers, and publish notifications to the topic. 
Add code to the data consumers to subscribe to the topic. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to pass messages. 
Add code to the data producers to call the Lambda function with a data object.  
Add code to the data consumers to receive a data object that is passed from the Lambda 
function. 
D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table.  
Enable DynamoDB Streams. 
Add code to the data producers to insert data into the table. 
Add code to the data consumers to use the DynamoDB Streams API to detect new table entries 
and retrieve the data. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Queue has Limited throughput (300 msg/s without batching, 3000 msg/s with batching whereby 
up-to 10 msg per batch operation; Msg duplicates not allowed in the queue (exactly-once 
delivery); Msg order is preserved (FIFO); Queue name must end with .fifo 
 
 
QUESTION 229 
A hospital wants to create digital copies for its large collection of historical written records. The 
hospital will continue to add hundreds of new documents each day. The hospital's data team will 
scan the documents and will upload the documents to the AWS Cloud. A solutions architect must 
implement a solution to analyze the documents, extract the medical information, and store the 
documents so that an application can run SQL queries on the data. The solution must maximize 
scalability and operational efficiency. 
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Write the document information to an Amazon EC2 instance that runs a MySQL database. 
B. Write the document information to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 
C. Create an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to run a custom application that 
processes the scanned files and extracts the medical information. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that runs when new documents are uploaded. 
Use Amazon Rekognition to convert the documents to raw text. 
Use Amazon Transcribe Medical to detect and extract relevant medical information from the text. 
E. Create an AWS Lambda function that runs when new documents are uploaded. 
Use Amazon Textract to convert the documents to raw text. 
Use Amazon Comprehend Medical to detect and extract relevant medical information from the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
120 
text. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 230 
A solutions architect is optimizing a website for an upcoming musical event. Videos of the 
performances will be streamed in real time and then will be available on demand. The event is 
expected to attract a global online audience. 
Which service will improve the performance of both the real-lime and on-demand streaming? 
 
A. Amazon CloudFront 
B. AWS Global Accelerator 
C. Amazon Route 53 
D. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can use CloudFront to deliver video on demand (VOD) or live streaming video using any 
HTTP origin. One way you can set up video workflows in the cloud is by using CloudFront 
together with AWS Media Services.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/on-demand-streaming-
video.html 
 
 
QUESTION 231 
A company wants to migrate its MySQL database from on premises to AWS. The company 
recently experienced a database outage that significantly impacted the business. To ensure this 
does not happen again, the company wants a reliable database solution on AWS that minimizes 
data loss and stores every transaction on at least two nodes. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon RDS DB instance with synchronous replication to three nodes in three 
Availability Zones. 
B. Create an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance with Multi-AZ functionality enabled to synchronously 
replicate the data. 
C. Create an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance and then create a read replica in a separate AWS 
Region that synchronously replicates the data. 
D. Create an Amazon EC2 instance with a MySQL engine installed that triggers an AWS Lambda 
function to synchronously replicate the data to an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Q: What does Amazon RDS manage on my behalf? 
Amazon RDS manages the work involved in setting up a relational database: from provisioning 
the infrastructure capacity you request to installing the database software. Once your database is 
up and running, Amazon RDS automates common administrative tasks such as performing 
backups and patching the software that powers your database. With optional Multi-AZ 
deployments, Amazon RDS also manages synchronous data replication across Availability Zones 
with automatic failover. 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 232 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
121 
An ecommerce company hosts its analytics application in the AWS Cloud. The application 
generates about 300 MB of data each month. The data is stored in JSON format. The company is 
evaluating a disaster recovery solution to back up the data. The data must be accessible in 
milliseconds if it is needed, and the data must be kept for 30 days. 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Amazon OpenSearch Service (Amazon Elasticsearch Service) 
B. Amazon S3 Glacier 
C. Amazon S3 Standard 
D. Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 233 
A company has a Windows-based application that must be migrated to AWS. The application 
requires the use of a shared Windows file system attached to multiple Amazon EC2 Windows 
instances that are deployed across multiple Availability Zones. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Configure AWS Storage Gateway in volume gateway mode. 
Mount the volume to each Windows instance. 
B. Configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. 
Mount the Amazon FSx file system to each Windows instance. 
C. Configure a file system by using Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). 
Mount the EFS file system to each Windows instance. 
D. Configure an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume with the required size. 
Attach each EC2 instance to the volume. 
Mount the file system within the volume to each Windows instance. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Microsoft Windows-based application = shared Windows file system = Amazon FSX for Windows 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/AmazonEFS.html 
 
 
QUESTION 234 
A solutions architect is creating a new Amazon CloudFront distribution for an application. Some of 
the information submitted by users is sensitive. The application uses HTTPS but needs another 
layer of security. The sensitive information should be protected throughout the entire application 
stack, and access to the information should be restricted to certain applications. 
Which action should the solutions architect take? 
 
A. Configure a CloudFront signed URL. 
B. Configure a CloudFront signed cookie. 
C. Configure a CloudFront field-level encryption profile. 
D. Configure CloudFront and set the Origin Protocol Policy setting to HTTPS Only for the Viewer 
Protocol Policy. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/field-level-
encryption.html 
"With Amazon CloudFront, you can enforce secure end-to-end connections to origin servers by 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
122 
using HTTPS. Field-level encryption adds an additional layer of security that lets you protect 
specific data throughout system processing so that only certain applications can see it." 
 
 
QUESTION 235 
A company is planning to move its data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data must be encrypted 
when it is stored in the S3 bucket. Additionally, the encryption key must be automatically rotated 
every year. Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Move the data to the S3 bucket. 
Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). 
Use the built-in key rotation behavior of SSE-S3 encryption keys. 
B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. 
Enable automatic key rotation. 
Set the S3 bucket's default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. 
Move the data to the S3 bucket. 
C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. 
Set the S3 bucket's default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. 
Move the data to the S3 bucket. 
Manually rotate the KMS key every year. 
D. Encrypt the data with customer key material before moving the data to the S3 bucket. 
Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key without key material.  
Import the customer key material into the KMS key. 
Enable automatic key rotation. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/rotate-keys.html 
Customer managed keys 
Automatic key rotation is disabled by default on customer managed keys but authorized users 
can enable and disable it. When you enable (or re-enable) automatic key rotation, AWS KMS 
automatically rotates the KMS key one year (approximately 365 days) after the enable date and 
every year thereafter. 
 
 
QUESTION 236 
An application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. The application needs to 
access an Amazon DynamoDB table. What is the MOST secure way to access the table while 
ensuring that the traffic does not leave the AWS network? 
 
A. Use a VPC endpoint for DynamoDB. 
B. Use a NAT gateway in a public subnet. 
C. Use a NAT instance in a private subnet. 
D. Use the internet gateway attached to the VPC. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/vpc-endpoints-
dynamodb.html 
A VPC endpoint for DynamoDB enables Amazon EC2 instances in your VPC to use their private 
IP addresses to access DynamoDB with no exposure to the public internet. Your EC2 instances 
do not require public IP addresses, and you don't need an internet gateway, a NAT device, or a 
virtual private gateway in your VPC. You use endpoint policies to control access to DynamoDB. 
Traffic between your VPC and the AWS service does not leave the Amazon network. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
123 
 
QUESTION 237 
A company provides an API to its users that automates inquiries for tax computations based on 
item prices. The company experiences a larger number of inquiries during the holiday season 
only that cause slower response times. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that is 
scalable and elastic. 
What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Provide an API hosted on an Amazon EC2 instance. 
The EC2 instance performs the required computations when the API request is made. 
B. Design a REST API using Amazon API Gateway that accepts the item names. 
API Gateway passes item names to AWS Lambda for tax computations. 
C. Create an Application Load Balancer that has two Amazon EC2 instances behind it. 
The EC2 instances will compute the tax on the received item names. 
D. Design a REST API using Amazon API Gateway that connects with an API hosted on an Amazon 
EC2 instance. 
API Gateway accepts and passes the item names to the EC2 instance for tax computations. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Lambda server-less is scalable and elastic than EC2 api gateway solution. 
 
 
QUESTION 238 
A company wants to use high performance computing (HPC) infrastructure on AWS for financial 
risk modeling. The company's HPC workloads run on Linux. Each HPC workflow runs on 
hundreds of AmazonEC2 Spot Instances, is short-lived, and generates thousands of output files 
that are ultimately stored in persistent storage for analytics and long-term future use. 
The company seeks a cloud storage solution that permits the copying of on premises data to 
long-term persistent storage to make data available for processing by all EC2 instances. The 
solution should also be a high performance file system that is integrated with persistent storage to 
read and write datasets and output files. 
Which combination of AWS services meets these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon FSx for Lustre integrated with Amazon S3 
B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server integrated with Amazon S3 
C. Amazon S3 Glacier integrated with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
D. Amazon S3 bucket with a VPC endpoint integrated with an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) General Purpose SSD (gp2) volume 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/lustre/ 
Amazon FSx for Lustre is a fully managed service that provides cost-effective, high-performance, 
scalable storage for compute workloads. Many workloads such as machine learning, high 
performance computing (HPC), video rendering, and financial simulations depend on compute 
instances accessing the same set of data through high-performance shared storage. 
 
 
QUESTION 239 
A company is running a publicly accessible serverless application that uses Amazon API 
Gateway and AWS Lambda.  
The application's traffic recently spiked due to fraudulent requests from botnets. 
Which steps should a solutions architect take to block requests from unauthorized users? 
(Choose two.) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
124 
 
A. Create a usage plan with an API key that is shared with genuine users only. 
B. Integrate logic within the Lambda function to ignore the requests from fraudulent IP addresses. 
C. Implement an AWS WAF rule to target malicious requests and trigger actions to filter them out. 
D. Convert the existing public API to a private API.  
Update the DNS records to redirect users to the new API endpoint. 
E. Create an IAM role for each user attempting to access the API.  
A user will assume the role when making the API call. 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-api-usage-
plans.html 
 
 
QUESTION 240 
A solutions architect is designing the architecture of a new application being deployed to the AWS 
Cloud. The application will run on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances and will automatically 
scale across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances will scale up and down frequently 
throughout the day. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) will handle the load distribution. The 
architecture needs to support distributed session data management. The company is willing to 
make changes to code if needed. 
What should the solutions architect do to ensure that the architecture supports distributed session 
data management? 
 
A. Use Amazon ElastiCache to manage and store session data. 
B. Use session affinity (sticky sessions) of the ALB to manage session data. 
C. Use Session Manager from AWS Systems Manager to manage the session. 
D. Use the GetSessionToken API operation in AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to manage 
the session 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/vi/caching/session-management/ 
In order to address scalability and to provide a shared data storage for sessions that can be 
accessible from any individual web server, you can abstract the HTTP sessions from the web 
servers themselves. A common solution to for this is to leverage an In-Memory Key/Value store 
such as Redis and Memcached. ElastiCache offerings for In-Memory key/value stores include 
ElastiCache for Redis, which can support replication, and ElastiCache for Memcached which 
does not support replication. 
 
 
QUESTION 241 
A company hosts a marketing website in an on-premises data center. The website consists of 
static documents and runs on a single server. An administrator updates the website content 
infrequently and uses an SFTP client to upload new documents. 
The company decides to host its website on AWS and to use Amazon CloudFront. The 
company's solutions architect creates a CloudFront distribution. The solutions architect must 
design the most cost-effective and resilient architecture for website hosting to serve as the 
CloudFront origin. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a virtual server by using Amazon Lightsail. 
Configure the web server in the Lightsail instance. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
125 
Upload website content by using an SFTP client. 
B. Create an AWS Auto Scaling group for Amazon EC2 instances. 
Use an Application Load Balancer. 
Upload website content by using an SFTP client. 
C. Create a private Amazon S3 bucket. 
Use an S3 bucket policy to allow access from a CloudFront origin access identity (OAI). 
Upload website content by using the AWS CLI. 
D. Create a public Amazon S3 bucket. Configure AWS Transfer for SFTP. 
Configure the S3 bucket for website hosting. 
Upload website content by using the SFTP client. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS transfer is a cost and doesn't mention using CloudFront. 
https://aws.amazon.com/aws-transfer-family/pricing/ 
 
 
QUESTION 242 
A company is designing a cloud communications platform that is driven by APIs. The application 
is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The company uses 
Amazon API Gateway to provide external users with access to the application through APIs. The 
company wants to protect the platform against web exploits like SQL injection and also wants to 
detect and mitigate large, sophisticated DDoS attacks. 
Which combination of solutions provides the MOST protection? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS WAF to protect the NLB. 
B. Use AWS Shield Advanced with the NLB. 
C. Use AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway. 
D. Use Amazon GuardDuty with AWS Shield Standard. 
E. Use AWS Shield Standard with Amazon API Gateway. 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 
AWS Shield Advanced - DDos attacks 
AWS WAF to protect Amazon API Gateway, because WAF sits before the API Gateway and then 
comes NLB. 
 
 
QUESTION 243 
A company has a web application that is based on Java and PHP. The company plans to move 
the application from on premises to AWS. The company needs the ability to test new site features 
frequently. The company also needs a highly available and managed solution that requires 
minimum operational overhead. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Enable static web hosting on the S3 bucket. 
Upload the static content to the S3 bucket. 
Use AWS Lambda to process all dynamic content. 
B. Deploy the web application to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment. 
Use URL swapping to switch between multiple Elastic Beanstalk environments for feature testing. 
C. Deploy the web application lo Amazon EC2 instances that are configured with Java and PHP. 
Use Auto Scaling groups and an Application Load Balancer to manage the website's availability. 
D. Containerize the web application.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
126 
Deploy the web application to Amazon EC2 instances.  
Use the AWS Load Balancer Controller to dynamically route traffic between containers that 
contain the new site features for testing. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Elastic Beanstalk is a fully managed service that makes it easy to deploy and run applications in 
the AWS; To enable frequent testing of new site features, you can use URL swapping to switch 
between multiple Elastic Beanstalk environments. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/using-features.CNAMESwap.html 
 
 
QUESTION 244 
A company has a Microsoft .NET application that runs on an on-premises Windows Server. The 
application stores data by using an Oracle Database Standard Edition server. The company is 
planning a migration to AWS and wants to minimize development changes while moving the 
application. The AWS application environment should be highly available. 
Which combination of actions should the company take to meet these requirements? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Refactor the application as serverless with AWS Lambda functions running .NET Core. 
B. Rehost the application in AWS Elastic Beanstalk with the .NET platform in a Multi-AZ deployment. 
C. Replatform the application to run on Amazon EC2 with the Amazon Linux Amazon Machine 
Image (AMI). 
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate from the Oracle database to 
Amazon DynamoDB in a Multi-AZ deployment. 
E. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate from the Oracle database to Oracle 
on Amazon RDS in a Multi-AZ deployment. 
 
Answer: BE 
Explanation: 
Company wants to minimize development modifications throughout the process. Option A & C i.e. 
refactoring or re-platforming options get eliminated. As for option D, oracle to dynamo DB is not 
possible. 
 
 
QUESTION 245 
A rapidly growing ecommerce company is running its workloads in a single AWS Region. A 
solutions architect must create a disaster recovery (DR) strategy that includes a different AWS 
Region. The company wants its database to be up to date in the DR Region with the least 
possible latency. The remaining infrastructure in the DR Region needs to run at reduced capacity 
and must be able to scale up if necessary. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LOWEST recovery time objective (RTO)? 
 
A. Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a pilot light deployment 
B. Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a warm standby deployment 
C. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a pilot light deployment 
D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a warm standby deployment 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
In case of disaster, both pilot light and warm standby offer the capability to limit data loss (RPO). 
Both offer sufficient RTO performance that enables you to limit downtime. Between these two 
strategies, you have a choice of optimizing for RTO or for cost. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
127 
https://aws.amazon.com/es/blogs/architecture/disaster-recovery-dr-architecture-on-aws-part-iii-
pilot-light-and-warm-standby/ 
 
 
QUESTION 246 
A company's order system sends requests from clients to Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 
instances process the orders and then store the orders in a database on Amazon RDS. Users 
report that they must reprocess orders when the system fails. The company wants a resilient 
solution that can process orders automatically if a system outage occurs. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Move the EC2 instances into an Auto Scaling group.  
Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to target an Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (Amazon ECS) task. 
B. Move the EC2 instances into an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). 
Update the order system to send messages to the ALB endpoint. 
C. Move the EC2 instances into an Auto Scaling group.  
Configure the order system to send messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) queue. 
Configure the EC2 instances to consume messages from the queue. 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic.  
Create an AWS Lambda function, and subscribe the function to the SNS topic.  
Configure the order system to send messages to the SNS topic.  
Send a command to the EC2 instances to process the messages by using AWS Systems 
Manager Run Command. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 247 
A company runs an application on a large fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The application reads 
and write entries into an Amazon DynamoDB table. The size of the DynamoDB table continuously 
grows, but the application needs only data from the last 30 days. The company needs a solution 
that minimizes cost and development effort. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy the complete solution.  
Redeploy the CloudFormation stack every 30 days, and delete the original stack. 
B. Use an EC2 instance that runs a monitoring application from AWS Marketplace.  
Configure the monitoring application to use Amazon DynamoDB Streams to store the timestamp 
when a new item is created in the table.  
Use a script that runs on the EC2 instance to delete items that have a timestamp that is older 
than 30 days. 
C. Configure Amazon DynamoDB Streams to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a new item is 
created in the table.  
Configure the Lambda function to delete items in the table that are older than 30 days. 
D. Extend the application to add an attribute that has a value of the current timestamp plus 30 days 
to each new item that is created in the table.  
Configure DynamoDB to use the attribute as the TTL attribute. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon DynamoDB Time to Live (TTL) allows you to define a per-item timestamp to determine 
when an item is no longer needed. Shortly after the date and time of the specified timestamp, 
DynamoDB deletes the item from your table without consuming any write throughput. TTL is 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
128 
provided at no extra cost as a means to reduce stored data volumes by retaining only the items 
that remain current for your workload's needs. 
TTL is useful if you store items that lose relevance after a specific time. The following are 
example TTL use cases: 
- Remove user or sensor data after one year of inactivity in an application. 
- Archive expired items to an Amazon S3 data lake via Amazon DynamoDB Streams and AWS 
Lambda. 
- Retain sensitive data for a certain amount of time according to contractual or regulatory 
obligations. 
 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/TTL.html 
 
 
QUESTION 248 
A company runs a containerized application on a Kubernetes cluster in an on-premises data 
center. The company is using a MongoDB database for data storage. 
The company wants to migrate some of these environments to AWS, but no code changes or 
deployment method changes are possible at this time. The company needs a solution that 
minimizes operational overhead. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes for 
compute and MongoOB on EC2 for data storage. 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate for compute and 
Amazon DynamoDB tor data storage. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes for 
compute and Amazon DynamoDB for data storage. 
D. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate for compute and 
Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) for data storage. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) is a fast, reliable, and fully managed 
database service. Amazon DocumentDB makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale MongoDB-
compatible databases in the cloud. With Amazon DocumentDB, you can run the same application 
code and use the same drivers and tools that you use with MongoDB.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/documentdb/latest/developerguide/what-is.html 
 
 
QUESTION 249 
A company selves a dynamic website from a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances behind an 
Application Load Balancer (ALB). The website needs to support multiple languages to serve 
customers around the world. The website's architecture is running in the us-west-1 Region and is 
exhibiting high request latency tor users that are located in other parts of the world. The website 
needs to serve requests quickly and efficiently regardless of a user's location. However the 
company does not want to recreate the existing architecture across multiple Regions.  
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Replace the existing architecture with a website that is served from an Amazon S3 bucket.  
Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as the origin.  
Set the cache behavior settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header. 
B. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the ALB as the origin.  
Set the cache behavior settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header. 
C. Create an Amazon API Gateway API that is integrated with the ALB.  
Configure the API to use the HTTP integration type.  

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
129 
Set up an API Gateway stage to enable the API cache based on the Accept-Language request 
header. 
D. Launch an EC2 instance in each additional Region and configure NGINX to act as a cache server 
for that Region. 
Put all the EC2 instances and the ALB behind an Amazon Route 53 record set with a geotocation 
routing policy. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Configuring caching based on the language of the viewer. 
If you want CloudFront to cache different versions of your objects based on the language 
specified in the request, configure CloudFront to forward the Accept-Language header to your 
origin. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/header-caching.html 
 
 
QUESTION 250 
A telemarketing company is designing its customer call center functionality on AWS. The 
company needs a solution to provides multiples ipsafcar recognition and generates transcript 
files. The company wants to query the transcript files to analyze the business patterns. The 
transcript files must be stored for 7 years for auditing policies. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Rekognition for multiple speaker recognition.  
Store the transcript files in Amazon S3.  
Use machine teaming models for transcript file analysis. 
B. Use Amazon Transcribe for multiple speaker recognition.  
Use Amazon Athena for transcript file analysts 
C. Use Amazon Translate for multiple speaker recognition.  
Store the transcript files in Amazon Redshift. 
Use SQL queues for transcript file analysis 
D. Use Amazon Rekognition for multiple speaker recognition.  
Store the transcript files in Amazon S3.  
Use Amazon Textract for transcript file analysis. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon Transcribe now supports speaker labeling for streaming transcription. Amazon 
Transcribe is an automatic speech recognition (ASR) service that makes it easy for you to convert 
speech-to-text. In live audio transcription, each stream of audio may contain multiple speakers. 
Now you can conveniently turn on the ability to label speakers, thus helping to identify who is 
saying what in the output transcript. 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2020/08/amazon-transcribe-supports-speaker-
labeling-streaming-transcription/ 
 
 
QUESTION 251 
A company stores data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. The company must store 
all the data for 5 years and must delete all the data after 5 years. The company also must 
indefinitely keep audit logs of actions that are performed within the database. Currently, the 
company has automated backups configured for Aurora. 
 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
130 
A. Take a manual snapshot of the DB cluster. 
B. Create a lifecycle policy for the automated backups. 
C. Configure automated backup retention for 5 years. 
D. Configure an Amazon CloudWatch Logs export for the DB cluster. 
E. Use AWS Backup to take the backups and to keep the backups for 5 years. 
 
Answer: DE 
Explanation: 
AWS Backup adds Amazon Aurora database cluster snapshots as its latest protected resource. 
Starting today, you can use AWS Backup to manage Amazon Aurora database cluster 
snapshots. AWS Backup can centrally configure backup policies, monitor backup activity, copy a 
snapshot within and across AWS regions, except for China regions, where snapshots can only be 
copied from one China region to another. 
 
 
QUESTION 252 
A company has a small Python application that processes JSON documents and outputs the 
results to an on-premises SQL database. The application runs thousands of times each day. The 
company wants to move the application to the AWS Cloud. The company needs a highly 
available solution that maximizes scalability and minimizes operational overhead. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Place the JSON documents in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Run the Python code on multiple Amazon EC2 instances to process the documents.  
Store the results in an Amazon Aurora DB cluster. 
B. Place the JSON documents in an Amazon S3 bucket.  
Create an AWS Lambda function that runs the Python code to process the documents as they 
arrive in the S3 bucket.  
Store the results in an Amazon Aurora DB cluster. 
C. Place the JSON documents in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. 
Use the EBS Multi-Attach feature to attach the volume to multiple Amazon EC2 instances.  
Run the Python code on the EC2 instances to process the documents.  
Store the results on an Amazon RDS DB instance. 
D. Place the JSON documents in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue as 
messages.  
Deploy the Python code as a container on an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) 
cluster that is configured with the Amazon EC2 launch type.  
Use the container to process the SQS messages.  
Store the results on an Amazon RDS DB instance. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
By placing the JSON documents in an S3 bucket, the documents will be stored in a highly durable 
and scalable object storage service. The use of AWS Lambda allows the company to run their 
Python code to process the documents as they arrive in the S3 bucket without having to worry 
about the underlying infrastructure. This also allows for horizontal scalability, as AWS Lambda will 
automatically scale the number of instances of the function based on the incoming rate of 
requests. The results can be stored in an Amazon Aurora DB cluster, which is a fully-managed, 
high-performance database service that is compatible with MySQL and PostgreSQL. This will 
provide the necessary durability and scalability for the results of the processing. 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/ 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
131 
QUESTION 253 
A company's infrastructure consists of Amazon EC2 instances and an Amazon RDS DB instance 
in a single AWS Region. The company wants to back up its data in a separate Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Backup to copy EC2 backups and RDS backups to the separate Region. 
B. Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (Amazon DLM) to copy EC2 backups and RDS backups to 
the separate Region. 
C. Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) of the EC2 instances.  
Copy the AMIs to the separate Region.  
Create a read replica for the RDS DB instance in the separate Region. 
D. Create Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots.  
Copy the EBS snapshots to the separate Region.  
Create RDS snapshots.  
Export the RDS snapshots to Amazon S3. 
Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) to the separate Region. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Cross-Region backup 
Using AWS Backup, you can copy backups to multiple different AWS Regions on demand or 
automatically as part of a scheduled backup plan. Cross-Region backup is particularly valuable if 
you have business continuity or compliance requirements to store backups a minimum distance 
away from your production data. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/whatisbackup.html 
 
 
QUESTION 254 
A company is building a new dynamic ordering website. The company wants to minimize server 
maintenance and patching. The website must be highly available and must scale read and write 
capacity as quickly as possible to meet changes in user demand. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Host static content in Amazon S3.  
Host dynamic content by using Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. 
Use Amazon DynamoDB with on-demand capacity for the database. 
Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver the website content. 
B. Host static content in Amazon S3. 
Host dynamic content by using Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. 
Use Amazon Aurora with Aurora Auto Scaling for the database. 
Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver the website content. 
C. Host all the website content on Amazon EC2 instances. 
Create an Auto Scaling group to scale the EC2 instances. 
Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic. 
Use Amazon DynamoDB with provisioned write capacity for the database. 
D. Host all the website content on Amazon EC2 instances. 
Create an Auto Scaling group to scale the EC2 instances. 
Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic. 
Use Amazon Aurora with Aurora Auto Scaling for the database. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
On-demand mode is a good option if any of the following are true: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
132 
You create new tables with unknown workloads. 
You have unpredictable application traffic. 
You prefer the ease of paying for only what you use. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/HowItWorks.ReadWriteC
apacityMode.html 
 
 
QUESTION 255 
A company uses Amazon S3 as its data lake. The company has a new partner that must use 
SFTP to upload data files. A solutions architect needs to implement a highly available SFTP 
solution that minimizes operational overhead. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Transfer Family to configure an SFTP-enabled server with a publicly accessible 
endpoint.  
Choose the S3 data lake as the destination. 
B. Use Amazon S3 File Gateway as an SFTP server.  
Expose the S3 File Gateway endpoint URL to the new partner. Share the S3 File Gateway 
endpoint with the new partner. 
C. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet in a VPInstruct the new partner to upload 
files to the EC2 instance by using a VPN.  
Run a cron job script, on the EC2 instance to upload files to the S3 data lake. 
D. Launch Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet in a VPC.  
Place a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in front of the EC2 instances.  
Create an SFTP listener port for the NLB. Share the NLB hostname with the new partner.  
Run a cron job script on the EC2 instances to upload files to the S3 data lake. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Transfer for SFTP, a fully-managed, highly-available SFTP service. You simply create a 
server, set up user accounts, and associate the server with one or more Amazon Simple Storage 
Service (Amazon S3) buckets. 
 
 
QUESTION 256 
A company needs to store contract documents. A contract lasts for 5 years. During the 5-year 
period, the company must ensure that the documents cannot be overwritten or deleted. The 
company needs to encrypt the documents at rest and rotate the encryption keys automatically 
every year. 
 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements with the 
LEAST operational overhead? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Store the documents in Amazon S3.  
Use S3 Object Lock in governance mode. 
B. Store the documents in Amazon S3.  
Use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode. 
C. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3).  
Configure key rotation. 
D. Use server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed 
keys.  
Configure key rotation. 
E. Use server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer provided 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
133 
(imported) keys.  
Configure key rotation. 
 
Answer: BD 
 
 
QUESTION 257 
You have been given a scope to deploy some AWS infrastructure for a large organisation. The 
requirements are that you will have a lot of EC2 instances but may need to add more when the 
average utilization of your Amazon EC2 fleet is high and conversely remove them when CPU 
utilization is low. Which AWS services would be best to use to accomplish this? 
 
A. Auto Scaling, Amazon CloudWatch and AWS Elastic Beanstalk 
B. Auto Scaling, Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing. 
C. Amazon CloudFront, Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing. 
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk , Amazon CloudWatch and Elastic Load Balancing. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Auto Scaling enables you to follow the demand curve for your applications closely, reducing the 
need to manually provision Amazon EC2 capacity in advance. For example, you can set a 
condition to add new Amazon EC2 instances in increments to the Auto Scaling group when the 
average utilization of your Amazon EC2 fleet is high; and similarly, you can set a condition to 
remove instances in the same increments when CPU utilization is low. If you have predictable 
load changes, you can set a schedule through Auto Scaling to plan your scaling activities. You 
can use Amazon CloudWatch to send alarms to trigger scaling activities and Elastic Load 
Balancing to help distribute traffic to your instances within Auto Scaling groups. Auto Scaling 
enables you to run your Amazon EC2 fleet at optimal utilization. 
Reference: http://aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ 
 
 
QUESTION 258 
Which of the below mentioned options is not available when an instance is launched by Auto 
Scaling with EC2 Classic? 
 
A. Public IP 
B. Elastic IP 
C. Private DNS 
D. Private IP 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Auto Scaling supports both EC2 classic and EC2-VPC. When an instance is launched as a part of 
EC2 classic, it will have the public IP and DNS as well as the private IP and DNS. 
Reference: 
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AutoScaling/latest/DeveloperGuide/GettingStartedTutorial.html 
 
 
QUESTION 259 
A company's application is running on Amazon EC2 instances in a single Region in the event of a 
disaster a solutions architect needs to ensure that the resources can also be deployed to a 
second Region. 
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to accomplish this? (Select 
TWO) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
134 
 
A. Detach a volume on an EC2 instance and copy it to Amazon S3 
B. Launch a new EC2 instance from an Amazon Machine image (AMI) in a new Region 
C. Launch a new EC2 instance in a new Region and copy a volume from Amazon S3 to the new 
instance 
D. Copy an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of an EC2 instance and specify a different Region for the 
destination 
E. Copy an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume from Amazon S3 and launch an EC2 
instance in the destination Region using that EBS volume 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
By default, when you create an AMI from an instance, snapshots are taken of each EBS volume 
attached to the instance. AMIs can launch with multiple EBS volumes attached, allowing you to 
replicate both an instance's configuration and the state of all the EBS volumes that are attached 
to that instance. 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-ami-ebs-backed/ 
 
 
QUESTION 260 
A recently acquired company is required to buikl its own infrastructure on AWS and migrate 
multiple applications to the cloud within a month. 
Each application has approximately 50 TB of data to be transferred. 
After the migration is complete this company and its parent company will both require secure 
network connectivity with consistent throughput from their data centers to the applications. 
A solutions architect must ensure one-time data migration and ongoing network connectivity. 
Which solution will meet these requirements'' 
 
A. AWS Direct Connect for both the initial transfer and ongoing connectivity 
B. AWS Site-to-Site VPN for both the initial transfer and ongoing connectivity 
C. AWS Snowball for the initial transfer and AWS Direct Connect for ongoing connectivity 
D. AWS Snowball for the initial transfer and AWS Site-to-Site VPN for ongoing connectivity 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
"Each application has approximately 50 TB of data to be transferred" = AWS Snowball; "secure 
network connectivity with consistent throughput from their data centers to the applications" 
What are the benefits of using AWS Direct Connect and private network connections? 
In many circumstances, private network connections can reduce costs, increase bandwidth, and 
provide a more consistent network experience than Internet-based connections. "more consistent 
network experience", hence AWS Direct Connect. 
Direct Connect is better than VPN; reduced cost+increased bandwith+(remain connection or 
consistent network) = direct connect 
 
 
QUESTION 261 
Much of your company's data does not need to be accessed often, and can take several hours for 
retrieval time, so it's stored on Amazon Glacier. However someone within your organization has 
expressed concerns that his data is more sensitive than the other data, and is wondering whether 
the high level of encryption that he knows is on S3 is also used on the much cheaper Glacier 
service. Which of the following statements would be most applicable in regards to this concern? 
 
A. There is no encryption on Amazon Glacier, that's why it is cheaper. 
B. Amazon Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-128 a lesser encryption method than 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
135 
Amazon S3 but you can change it to AES-256 if you are willing to pay more. 
C. Amazon Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-256, the same as Amazon S3. 
D. Amazon Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-128 a lesser encryption method than 
Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Like Amazon S3, the Amazon Glacier service provides low-cost, secure, and durable storage. But 
where S3 is designed for rapid retrieval, Glacier is meant to be used as an archival service for 
data that is not accessed often, and for which retrieval times of several hours are suitable. 
Amazon Glacier automatically encrypts the data using AES-256 and stores it durably in an 
immutable form. Amazon Glacier is designed to provide average annual durability of 
99.999999999% for an archive. It stores each archive in multiple facilities and multiple devices. 
Unlike traditional systems which can require laborious data verification and manual repair, Glacier 
performs regular, systematic data integrity checks, and is built to be automatically self-healing. 
Reference: http://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Security/AWS%20Security%20Whitepaper.pdf 
 
 
QUESTION 262 
Your EBS volumes do not seem to be performing as expected and your team leader has 
requested you look into improving their performance. Which of the following is not a true 
statement relating to the performance of your EBS volumes? 
 
A. Frequent snapshots provide a higher level of data durability and they will not degrade the 
performance of your application while the snapshot is in progress. 
B. General Purpose (SSD) and Provisioned IOPS (SSD) volumes have a throughput limit of 128 
MB/s per volume. 
C. There is a relationship between the maximum performance of your EBS volumes, the amount of 
I/O you are driving to them, and the amount of time it takes for each transaction to complete. 
D. There is a 5 to 50 percent reduction in IOPS when you first access each block of data on a newly 
created or restored EBS volume 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Several factors can affect the performance of Amazon EBS volumes, such as instance 
configuration, I/O characteristics, workload demand, and storage configuration. Frequent 
snapshots provide a higher level of data durability, but they may slightly degrade the performance 
of your application while the snapshot is in progress. This trade off becomes critical when you 
have data that changes rapidly. Whenever possible, plan for snapshots to occur during off-peak 
times in order to minimize workload impact. 
Reference: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSPerformance.html 
 
 
QUESTION 263 
You are building infrastructure for a data warehousing solution and an extra request has come 
through that there will be a lot of business reporting queries running all the time and you are not 
sure if your current DB instance will be able to handle it.  
What would be the best solution for this? 
 
A. DB Parameter Groups 
B. Read Replicas 
C. Multi-AZ DB Instance deployment 
D. Database Snapshots 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
136 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Read Replicas make it easy to take advantage of MySQL's built-in replication functionality to 
elastically scale out beyond the capacity constraints of a single DB Instance for read-heavy 
database workloads. There are a variety of scenarios where deploying one or more Read 
Replicas for a given source DB Instance may make sense. Common reasons for deploying a 
Read Replica include: 
Scaling beyond the compute or I/O capacity of a single DB Instance for read-heavy database 
workloads. This excess read traffic can be directed to one or more Read Replicas. Serving read 
traffic while the source DB Instance is unavailable. If your source DB Instance cannot take I/O 
requests (e.g. due to I/O suspension for backups or scheduled maintenance), you can direct read 
traffic to your Read Replica(s). For this use case, keep in mind that the data on the Read Replica 
may be "stale" since the source DB Instance is unavailable. Business reporting or data 
warehousing scenarios; you may want business reporting queries to run against a Read Replica, 
rather than your primary, production DB Instance. 
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 264 
You've created your first load balancer and have registered your EC2 instances with the load 
balancer. Elastic Load Balancing routinely performs health checks on all the registered EC2 
instances and automatically distributes all incoming requests to the DNS name of your load 
balancer across your registered, healthy EC2 instances. By default, the load balancer uses the 
___ protocol for checking the health of your instances. 
 
A. HTTPS 
B. HTTP 
C. ICMP 
D. IPv6 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
In Elastic Load Balancing a health configuration uses information such as protocol, ping port, ping 
path (URL), response timeout period, and health check interval to determine the health state of 
the instances registered with the load balancer. 
Currently, HTTP on port 80 is the default health check. 
Reference: 
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/TerminologyandKeyCo
ncepts.html 
 
 
QUESTION 265 
A major finance organisation has engaged your company to set up a large data mining 
application. Using AWS you decide the best service for this is Amazon Elastic MapReduce(EMR) 
which you know uses Hadoop. Which of the following statements best describes Hadoop? 
 
A. Hadoop is 3rd Party software which can be installed using AMI 
B. Hadoop is an open source python web framework 
C. Hadoop is an open source Java software framework 
D. Hadoop is an open source javascript framework 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon EMR uses Apache Hadoop as its distributed data processing engine. Hadoop is an open 
source, Java software framework that supports data-intensive distributed applications running on 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
137 
large clusters of commodity hardware. Hadoop implements a programming model named 
"MapReduce," where the data is divided into many small fragments of work, each of which may 
be executed on any node in the cluster. 
This framework has been widely used by developers, enterprises and startups and has proven to 
be a reliable software platform for processing up to petabytes of data on clusters of thousands of 
commodity machines. 
Reference: http://aws.amazon.com/elasticmapreduce/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 266 
A company wants to host a scalable web application on AWS. 
The application will be accessed by users from different geographic regions of the world. 
Application users will be able to download and upload unique data up to gigabytes in size. 
The development team wants a cost-effective solution to minimize upload and download latency 
and maximize performance. 
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 with Transfer Acceleration to host the application. 
B. Use Amazon S3 with CacheControl headers to host the application. 
C. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon CloudFront to host the application. 
D. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon ElastiCache to host the application. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
The maximum size of a single file that can be delivered through Amazon CloudFront is 20 GB. 
This limit applies to all Amazon CloudFront distributions. 
 
 
QUESTION 267 
A company captures clickstream data from multiple websites and analyzes it using batch 
processing. 
The data is loaded nightly into Amazon Redshift and is consumed by business analysts. 
The company wants to move towards near-real-time data processing for timely insights. 
The solution should process the streaming data with minimal effort and operational overhead. 
Which combination of AWS services are MOST cost-effective for this solution? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Amazon EC2 
B. AWS Lambda 
C. Amazon Kinesis Data Streams 
D. Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose 
E. Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics 
 
Answer: DE 
Explanation: 
https://d0.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/whitepaper-streaming-data-solutions-on-aws-with-
amazonkinesis.pdf (9) 
https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/#Evolve_from_batch_to_real-time_analytics 
 
 
QUESTION 268 
A company is migrating a three-tier application to AWS. 
The application requires a MySQL database. In the past, the application users reported poor 
application performance when creating new entries. 
These performance issues were caused by users generating different real-time reports from the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
138 
application duringworking hours. 
Which solution will improve the performance of the application when it is moved to AWS? 
 
A. Import the data into an Amazon DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity. 
Refactor the application to use DynamoDB for reports. 
B. Create the database on a compute optimized Amazon EC2 instance. 
Ensure compute resources exceed the on-premises database. 
C. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL Multi-AZ DB cluster with multiple read replicas. 
Configure the application reader endpoint for reports. 
D. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL Multi-AZ DB cluster. 
Configure the application to use the backup instance of the cluster as an endpoint for the reports. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The MySQL-compatible edition of Aurora delivers up to 5X the throughput of standard MySQL 
running on the same hardware, and enables existing MySQL applications and tools to run without 
requiring modification. 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/mysql-features/ 
 
 
QUESTION 269 
A start-up company has a web application based in the us-east-1 Region with multiple Amazon 
EC2 instances running behind an Application Load Balancer across multiple Availability Zones. 
As the company's user base grows in the us-west-1 Region, it needs a solution with low latency 
and high availability. 
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Provision EC2 instances in us-west-1. 
Switch the Application Load Balancer to a Network Load Balancer to achieve cross-Region load 
balancing. 
B. Provision EC2 instances and an Application Load Balancer in us-west-1. 
Make the load balancer distribute the traffic based on the location of the request. 
C. Provision EC2 instances and configure an Application Load Balancer in us-west-1. 
Create an accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator that uses an endpoint group that includes the 
load balancer endpoints in both Regions. 
D. Provision EC2 instances and configure an Application Load Balancer in us-west-1. 
Configure Amazon Route 53 with a weighted routing policy. 
Create alias records in Route 53 that point to the Application Load Balancer. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
"ELB provides load balancing within one Region, AWS Global Accelerator provides traffic 
management across multiple Regions [...] AWS Global Accelerator complements ELB by 
extending these capabilities beyond a single AWS Region, allowing you to provision a global 
interface for your applications in any number of Regions. If you have workloads that cater to a 
global client base, we recommend that you use AWS Global Accelerator. If you have workloads 
hosted in a single AWS Region and used by clients in and around the same Region, you can use 
an Application Load Balancer or Network Load Balancer to manage your resources." 
https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 270 
A company must generate sales reports at the beginning of every month. 
The reporting process launches 20 Amazon EC2 instances on the first of the month. 
The process runs for 7 days and cannot be interrupted. The company wants to minimize costs. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
139 
Which pricing model should the company choose? 
 
A. Reserved Instances 
B. Spot Block Instances 
C. On-Demand Instances 
D. Scheduled Reserved Instances 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Scheduled Reserved Instances (Scheduled Instances) enable you to purchase capacity 
reservations that recur on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis, with a specified start time and 
duration, for a one-year term. You reserve the capacity in advance, so that you know it is 
available when you need it. You pay for the time that the instances are scheduled, even if you do 
not use them. 
Scheduled Instances are a good choice for workloads that do not run continuously, but do run on 
a regular schedule. For example, you can use Scheduled Instances for an application that runs 
during business hours or for batch processing that runs at the end of the week. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-scheduled-instances.html 
 
 
QUESTION 271 
A company's web application uses an Amazon RDS PostgreSQL DB instance to store its 
application data. 
During the financial closing period at the start of every month. Accountants run large queries that 
impact the database's performance due to high usage. 
The company wants to minimize the impact that the reporting activity has on the web application. 
What should a solutions architect do to reduce the impact on the database with the LEAST 
amount of effort? 
 
A. Create a read replica and direct reporting traffic to the replica. 
B. Create a Multi-AZ database and direct reporting traffic to the standby. 
C. Create a cross-Region read replica and direct reporting traffic to the replica. 
D. Create an Amazon Redshift database and direct reporting traffic to the Amazon Redshift 
database. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon RDS uses the MariaDB, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and Microsoft SQL Server DB 
engines' built-in replication functionality to create a special type of DB instance called a read 
replica from a source DB instance. Updates made to the source DB instance are asynchronously 
copied to the read replica. You can reduce the load on your source DB instance by routing read 
queries from your applications to the read replica. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html 
 
 
QUESTION 272 
A company has application running on Amazon EC2 instances in a VPC. 
One of the applications needs to call an Amazon S3 API to store and read objects. 
The company's security policies restrict any internet-bound traffic from the applications. 
Which action will fulfill these requirements and maintain security? 
 
A. Configure an S3 interface endpoint. 
B. Configure an S3 gateway endpoint. 
C. Create an S3 bucket in a private subnet. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
140 
D. Create an S3 bucket in the same Region as the EC2 instance. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Gateway Endpoint for S3 and DynamoDB 
https://medium.com/tensult/aws-vpc-endpoints-introduction-ef2bf85c4422 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-endpoints-s3.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpce-gateway.html 
 
 
QUESTION 273 
A website runs a web application that receives a burst of traffic each day at noon. The users 
upload new pictures and content daily, but have been complaining of timeouts. The architecture 
uses Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups, and the custom application consistently takes 1 minute 
to initiate upon boot up before responding to user requests. 
How should a solutions architect redesign the architecture to better respond to changing traffic? 
 
A. Configure a Network Load Balancer with a slow start configuration. 
B. Configure AWS ElastiCache for Redis to offload direct requests to the servers. 
C. Configure an Auto Scaling step scaling policy with an instance warmup condition. 
D. Configure Amazon CloudFront to use an Application Load Balancer as the origin. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
If you are creating a step policy, you can specify the number of seconds that it takes for a newly 
launched instance to warm up. Until its specified warm-up time has expired, an instance is not 
counted toward the aggregated metrics of the Auto Scaling group. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-scaling-simple-step.html#as-step-
scaling-warmup 
 
 
QUESTION 274 
A company hosts its website on Amazon S3. The website serves petabytes of outbound traffic 
monthly, which accounts for most of the company's AWS costs. 
What should a solutions architect do to reduce costs? 
 
A. Configure Amazon CloudFront with the existing website as the origin. 
B. Move the website to Amazon EC2 with Amazon EBS volumes for storage. 
C. Use AWS Global Accelerator and specify the existing website as the endpoint. 
D. Rearchitect the website to run on a combination of Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
A textbook case for CloudFront. The data transfer cost in CloudFront is lower than in S3. With 
heavy read operations of static content, it's more economical to add CloudFront in front of you S3 
bucket. 
 
 
QUESTION 275 
A company currently stores symmetric encryption keys in a hardware security module (HSM). A 
solution architect must design a solution to migrate key management to AWS. The solution 
should allow for key rotation and support the use of customer provided keys. Where should the 
key material be stored to meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
141 
A. Amazon S3 
B. AWS Secrets Manager 
C. AWS Systems Manager Parameter store 
D. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Secrets Manager helps you protect secrets needed to access your applications, services, 
and IT resources. The service enables you to easily rotate, manage, and retrieve database 
credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle. 
https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/ 
 
 
QUESTION 276 
A company needs to implement a relational database with a multi-Region disaster recovery 
Recovery Point Objective (RPO) of 1 second and an Recovery Time Objective (RTO) of 1 minute. 
Which AWS solution can achieve this? 
 
A. Amazon Aurora Global Database 
B. Amazon DynamoDB global tables. 
C. Amazon RDS for MySQL with Multi-AZ enabled. 
D. Amazon RDS for MySQL with a cross-Region snapshot copy. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Cross-Region Disaster Recovery 
If your primary region suffers a performance degradation or outage, you can promote one of the 
secondary regions to take read/write responsibilities. An Aurora cluster can recover in less than 1 
minute even in the event of a complete regional outage. This provides your application with an 
effective Recovery Point Objective (RPO) of 1 second and a Recovery Time Objective (RTO) of 
less than 1 minute, providing a strong foundation for a global business continuity plan. 
 
 
QUESTION 277 
A company is designing a new service that will run on Amazon EC2 instance behind an Elastic 
Load Balancer. However, many of the web service clients can only reach IP addresses 
whitelisted on their firewalls. 
What should a solution architect recommend to meet the clients' needs? 
 
A. A Network Load Balancer with an associated Elastic IP address. 
B. An Application Load Balancer with an a associated Elastic IP address 
C. An A record in an Amazon Route 53 hosted zone pointing to an Elastic IP address 
D. An EC2 instance with a public IP address running as a proxy in front of the load balancer 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Route 53 routes end users to Internet applications so the correct answer is C. Map one of the 
whitelisted IP addresses using an A record to the Elastic IP address. 
 
 
QUESTION 278 
A company's packaged application dynamically creates and returns single-use text files in 
response to user requests. The company is using Amazon CloudFront for distribution, but wants 
to future reduce data transfer costs. The company modify the application's source code. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
142 
What should a solution architect do to reduce costs? 
 
A. Use Lambda@Edge to compress the files as they are sent to users. 
B. Enable Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration to reduce the response times. 
C. Enable caching on the CloudFront distribution to store generated files at the edge. 
D. Use Amazon S3 multipart uploads to move the files to Amazon S3 before returning them to users. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
B seems more expensive; C does not seem right because they are single use files and will not be 
needed again from the cache; D multipart mainly for large files and will not reduce data and cost; 
A seems the best: change the application code to compress the files and reduce the amount of 
data transferred to save costs. 
 
 
QUESTION 279 
An application running on an Amazon EC2 instance in VPC-A needs to access files in another 
EC2 instance in VPC-B. Both are in separate AWS accounts. 
The network administrator needs to design a solution to enable secure access to EC2 instance in 
VPC-B from VPC-A. The connectivity should not have a single point of failure or bandwidth 
concerns. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up a VPC peering connection between VPC-A and VPC-B. 
B. Set up VPC gateway endpoints for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B. 
C. Attach a virtual private gateway to VPC-B and enable routing from VPC-A. 
D. Create a private virtual interface (VIF) for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B and add appropriate 
routes from VPC-B. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables you to 
route traffic between them using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses. Instances in either 
VPC can communicate with each other as if they are within the same network. You can create a 
VPC peering connection between your own VPCs, or with a VPC in another AWS account. 
The traffic remains in the private IP space. All inter-region traffic is encrypted with no single point 
of failure, or bandwidth bottleneck. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/what-is-vpc-peering.html 
 
 
QUESTION 280 
A company stores user data in AWS. The data is used continuously with peak usage during 
business hours. Access patterns vary, with some data not being used for months at a time. A 
solutions architect must choose a cost-effective solution that maintains the highest level of 
durability while maintaining high availability. 
 
Which storage solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon S3 
B. Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
C. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive 
D. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 
 
Answer: B 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
143 
Explanation: 
Intelligent tearing moves data between storage classes based on its current degree of usage. 
 
 
QUESTION 281 
A solutions architect is creating an application that will handle batch processing of large amounts 
of data. The input data will be held in Amazon S3 and the output data will be stored in a different 
S3 bucket. For processing, the application will transfer the data over the network between 
multiple Amazon EC2 instances. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to reduce the overall data transfer costs? 
 
A. Place all the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. 
B. Place all the EC2 instances in the same AWS Region. 
C. Place all the EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone. 
D. Place all the EC2 instances in private subnets in multiple Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The transfer is between EC2 instances and not just between S3 and EC2. 
Also, be aware of inter-Availability Zones data transfer charges between Amazon EC2 instances, 
even within the same region. If possible, the instances in a development or test environment that 
need to communicate with each other should be co-located within the same Availability Zone to 
avoid data transfer charges. (This doesn't apply to production workloads which will most likely 
need to span multiple Availability Zones for high availability.) 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/using-aws-cost-explorer-to-analyze-data-transfer-costs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 282 
A company has recently updated its internal security standards. 
The company must now ensure all Amazon S3 buckets and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) volumes are encrypted with keys created and periodically rotated by internal security 
specialists. 
The company is looking for a native, software-based AWS service to accomplish this goal. 
What should a solutions architect recommend as a solution? 
 
A. Use AWS Secrets Manager with customer master keys (CMKs) to store master key material and 
apply a routine to create a new CMK periodically and replace it in AWS Secrets Manager. 
B. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) with customer master keys (CMKs) to store 
master key material and apply a routing to re-create a new key periodically and replace it in AWS 
KMS. 
C. Use an AWS CloudHSM cluster with customer master keys (CMKs) to store master key material 
and apply a routine a re-create a new key periodically and replace it in the CloudHSM cluster 
nodes. 
D. Use AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store with customer master keys (CMKs) keys to store 
master key material and apply a routine to re-create a new periodically and replace it in the 
Parameter Store. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Secrets Manager provides full lifecycle management for secrets within your environment. In 
this post, Maitreya and I will show you how to use Secrets Manager to store, deliver, and rotate 
SSH keypairs used for communication within compute clusters. Rotation of these keypairs is a 
security best practice, and sometimes a regulatory requirement. Traditionally, these keypairs 
have been associated with a number of tough challenges. For example, synchronizing key 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
144 
rotation across all compute nodes, enable detailed logging and auditing, and manage access to 
users in order to modify secrets. 
 
 
QUESTION 283 
An application is running on Amazon EC2 instances Sensitive information required for the 
application is stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
The bucket needs to be protected from internet access while only allowing services within the 
VPC access to the bucket. 
Which combination of actions should a solutions archived take to accomplish this? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. 
B. Enable server access logging on the bucket 
C. Apply a bucket policy to restrict access to the S3 endpoint. 
D. Add an S3 ACL to the bucket that has sensitive information 
E. Restrict users using the IAM policy to use the specific bucket 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
ACL is a property at object level not at bucket level .Also by just adding ACL you can't let the 
services in VPC allow access to the bucket . 
 
 
QUESTION 284 
A company relies on an application that needs at least 4 Amazon EC2 instances during regular 
traffic and must scale up to 12 EC2 instances during peak loads. 
The application is critical to the business and must be highly available. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group.  
Set the minimum to 4 and the maximum to 12, with 2 in Availability Zone A and 2 in Availability 
Zone B. 
B. Deploy the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. 
Set the minimum to 4 and the maximum to 12, with all 4 in Availability Zone A. 
C. Deploy the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. 
Set the minimum to 8 and the maximum to 12, with 4 in Availability Zone A and 4 in Availability 
Zone B 
D. Deploy the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. 
Set the minimum to 8 and the maximum to 12 with all 8 in Availability Zone A. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
It requires HA and if one AZ is down then at least 4 instances will be active in another AZ which is 
key for this question. 
 
 
QUESTION 285 
A company recently deployed a two-tier application in two Availability Zones in the us-east-1 
Region. The databases are deployed in a private subnet while the web servers are deployed in a 
public subnet. 
An internet gateway is attached to the VPC. The application and database run on Amazon EC2 
instances. The database servers are unable to access patches on the internet. 
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that maintains database security with the least 
operational overhead. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
145 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy a NAT gateway inside the public subnet for each Availability Zone and associate it with an 
Elastic IP address. 
Update the routing table of the private subnet to use it as the default route. 
B. Deploy a NAT gateway inside the private subnet for each Availability Zone and associate it with 
an Elastic IP address. 
Update the routing table of the private subnet to use it as the default route. 
C. Deploy two NAT instances inside the public subnet for each Availability Zone and associate them 
with Elastic IP addresses. 
Update the routing table of the private subnet to use it as the default route. 
D. Deploy two NAT instances inside the private subnet for each Availability Zone and associate them 
with Elastic IP addresses. 
Update the routing table of the private subnet to use it as the default route. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
VPC with public and private subnets (NAT) 
The configuration for this scenario includes a virtual private cloud (VPC) with a public subnet and 
a private subnet. We recommend this scenario if you want to run a public-facing web application, 
while maintaining back-end servers that aren't publicly accessible. A common example is a multi-
tier website, with the web servers in a public subnet and the database servers in a private subnet. 
You can set up security and routing so that the web servers can communicate with the database 
servers. 
The instances in the public subnet can send outbound traffic directly to the Internet, whereas the 
instances in the private subnet can't. Instead, the instances in the private subnet can access the 
Internet by using a network address translation (NAT) gateway that resides in the public subnet. 
The database servers can connect to the Internet for software updates using the NAT gateway, 
but the Internet cannot establish connections to the database servers. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Scenario2.html 
 
 
QUESTION 286 
A company has an on-premises data center that is running out of storage capacity. The company 
wants to migrate its storage infrastructure to AWS while minimizing bandwidth costs. The solution 
must allow for immediate retrieval of data at no additional cost. 
How can these requirements be met? 
 
A. Deploy Amazon S3 Glacier Vault and enable expedited retrieval. 
Enable provisioned retrieval capacity for the workload 
B. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using cached volumes. 
Use Storage Gateway to store data in Amazon S3 while retaining copies of frequently accessed 
data subsets locally. 
C. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using stored volumes to store data locally. 
Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of the data to Amazon 
S3 
D. Deploy AWS Direct Connect to connect with the on-premises data center. 
Configure AWS Storage Gateway to store data locally. 
Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously bacK up potnt-tn-time snapshots of the data to Amazon 
S3. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Volume Gateway provides an iSCSI target, which enables you to create block storage volumes 
and mount them as iSCSI devices from your on-premises or EC2 application servers. The 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
146 
Volume Gateway runs in either a cached or stored mode: 
In the cached mode, your primary data is written to S3, while retaining your frequently accessed 
data locally in a cache for low-latency access. 
In the stored mode, your primary data is stored locally and your entire dataset is available for low-
latency access while asynchronously backed up to AWS. 
 
 
QUESTION 287 
A company recently implemented hybrid cloud connectivity using AWS Direct Connect and is 
migrating data to Amazon S3. 
The company is looking for a fully managed solution that will automate and accelerate the 
replication of data between the on-premises storage systems and AWS storage services. 
Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to keep the data private? 
 
A. Deploy an AWS DataSync agent tor the on-premises environment. 
Configure a sync job to replicate the data and connect it with an AWS service endpoint. 
B. Deploy an AWS DataSync agent for the on-premises environment. 
Schedule a batch job to replicate point-ln-time snapshots to AWS. 
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway for the on-premises environment. 
Configure it to store data locally, and asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots to AWS. 
D. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway for the on-premises environment. 
Configure it to store data locally, and asynchronously back up point-in-lime snapshots to AWS. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can use AWS DataSync with your Direct Connect link to access public service endpoints or 
private VPC endpoints. When using VPC endpoints, data transferred between the DataSync 
agent and AWS services does not traverse the public internet or need public IP addresses, 
increasing the security of data as it is copied over the network. 
 
 
QUESTION 288 
A solutions architect is designing the storage architecture for a new web application used for 
stonng and viewing engineering drawings. All application components will be deployed on the 
AWS infrastructure. 
The application design must support caching to minimize the amount of time that users wait for 
the engineering drawings to load. The application must be able to store petabytes of data. 
Which combination of storage and caching should the solutions architect use? 
 
A. Amazon S3 with Amazon CloudFront 
B. Amazon S3 Glacier with Amazon ElastiCache 
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes with Amazon CloudFront 
D. AWS Storage Gateway with Amazon ElastiCache 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
CloudFront for caching and S3 as the origin. Glacier is used for archiving which is not the case for 
this scenario. 
 
 
QUESTION 289 
An operations team has a standard that states IAM policies should not be applied directly to 
users. Some new members have not been following this standard. 
The operation manager needs a way to easily identify the users with attached policies. 
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
147 
 
A. Monitor using AWS CloudTrail 
B. Create an AWS Config rule to run daily 
C. Publish IAM user changes lo Amazon SNS 
D. Run AWS Lambda when a user is modified 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
A new AWS Config rule is deployed in the account after you enable AWS Security Hub. The AWS 
Config rule reacts to resource configuration and compliance changes and send these change 
items to AWS CloudWatch. When AWS CloudWatch receives the compliance change, a 
CloudWatch event rule triggers the AWS Lambda function. 
 
 
QUESTION 290 
A company is building applications in containers. 
The company wants to migrate its on-premises development and operations services from its on-
premises data center to AWS. 
Management states that production system must be cloud agnostic and use the same 
configuration and administrator tools across production systems. 
A solutions architect needs to design a managed solution that will align open-source software. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Launch the containers on Amazon EC2 with EC2 instance worker nodes. 
B. Launch the containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) and EKS workers 
nodes. 
C. Launch the containers on Amazon Elastic Containers service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate 
instances. 
D. Launch the containers on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon EC) with Amazon EC2 
instance worker nodes. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
When talking about containerized applications, the leading technologies which will always come 
up during the conversation are Kubernetes and Amazon ECS (Elastic Container Service). 
While Kubernetes is an open-sourced container orchestration platform that was originally 
developed by Google, Amazon ECS is AWS' proprietary, managed container orchestration 
service. 
 
 
QUESTION 291 
A solutions architect is performing a security review of a recently migrated workload. 
The workload is a web application that consists of Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling 
group behind an Application Load Balancer. 
The solutions architect must improve the security posture and minimize the impact of a DDoS 
attack on resources. 
Which solution is MOST effective? 
 
A. Configure an AWS WAF ACL with rate-based rules. 
Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that points to the Application Load Balancer. 
Enable the WAF ACL on the CloudFront distribution. 
B. Create a custom AWS Lambda function that adds identified attacks into a common vulnerability 
pool to capture a potential DDoS attack. 
Use the identified information to modify a network ACL to block access. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
148 
C. Enable VPC Flow Logs and store them in Amazon S3. 
Create a custom AWS Lambda function that parses the togs looking for a DDoS attack. 
Modify a network ACL to block identified source IP addresses. 
D. Enable Amazon GuardDuty and configure findings written to Amazon CloudWatch. 
Create an event with CloudWatch Events for DDoS alerts that triggers Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) . 
Have Amazon SNS invoke a custom AWS Lambda function that parses the logs looking for a 
DDoS attack. 
Modify a network ACL to block identified source IP addresses. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps detect and mitigate web application layer DDoS 
attacks by inspecting traffic inline. Application layer DDoS attacks use well-formed but malicious 
requests to evade mitigation and consume application resources. You can define custom security 
rules (also called web ACLs) that contain a set of conditions, rules, and actions to block attacking 
traffic. After you define web ACLs, you can apply them to CloudFront distributions, and web ACLs 
are evaluated in the priority order you specified when you configured them. Real-time metrics and 
sampled web requests are provided for each web ACL. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-protect-dynamic-web-applications-against-ddos-
attacks-by-using-amazon-cloudfront-and-amazon-route-53/ 
 
 
QUESTION 292 
A company is creating a prototype of an ecommerce website on AWS. The website consists of an 
Application Load Balancer, an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances for web servers, and 
an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance that runs with the Single-AZ configuration. 
The website is slow to respond during searches of the product catalog. The product catalog is a 
group of tables in the MySQL database that the company does not update frequently. A solutions 
architect has determined that the CPU utilization on the DB instance is high when product catalog 
searches occur. 
What should the solutions architect recommend to improve the performance of the website during 
searches of the product catalog? 
 
A. Migrate the product catalog to an Amazon Redshift database. 
Use the COPY command to load the product catalog tables. 
B. Implement an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to cache the product catalog. 
Use lazy loading to populate the cache. 
C. Add an additional scaling policy to the Auto Scaling group to launch additional EC2 instances 
when database response is slow. 
D. Turn on the Multi-AZ configuration for the DB instance. 
Configure the EC2 instances to throttle the product catalog queries that are sent to the database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Common ElastiCache Use Cases and How ElastiCache Can Help : 
Whether serving the latest news, a top-10 leaderboard, a product catalog, or selling tickets to an 
event, speed is the name of the game. The success of your website and business is greatly 
affected by the speed at which you deliver content. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/elasticache-use-cases.html 
 
 
QUESTION 293 
A company's application is running on Amazon EC2 instances within an Auto Scaling group 
behind an Elastic Load Balancer. Based on the application's history, the company anticipates a 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
149 
spike in traffic during a holiday each year. A solutions architect must design a strategy to ensure 
that the Auto Scaling group proactively increases capacity to minimize any performance impact 
on application users. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to scale up the EC2 instances when CPU utilization 
exceeds 90%. 
B. Create a recurring scheduled action to scale up the Auto Scaling group before the expected 
period of peak demand. 
C. Increase the minimum and maximum number of EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group during 
the peak demand period. 
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification to send alerts when 
there are autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCH events. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling supports sending Amazon SNS notifications when the following 
events occur. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/schedule_time.html 
 
 
QUESTION 294 
A company is creating an application that runs on containers in a VPC. The application stores 
and accesses data in an Amazon S3 bucket. During the development phase, the application will 
store and access 1 TB of data in Amazon S3 each day. The company wants to minimize costs 
and wants to prevent traffic from traversing the internet whenever possible. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable S3 Intelligent-Tiering for the S3 bucket. 
B. Enable S3 Transfer Acceleration for the S3 bucket. 
C. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Associate this endpoint with all route tables in 
the VPC. 
D. Create an interface endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC. Associate this endpoint with all route 
tables in the VPC. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 295 
A solutions architect is tasked with transferring 750 TB of data from an on-premises network-
attached file system located at a branch office Amazon S3 Glacier. 
The migration must not saturate the on-premises 1 Mbps internet connection. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS site-to-site VPN tunnel to an Amazon S3 bucket and transfer the files directly.  
Transfer the files directly by using the AWS CLI. 
B. Order 10 AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices, and select an S3 Glacier vault as the 
destination. 
C. Mount the network-attached file system to an S3 bucket, and copy the files directly.  
Create a lifecycle policy to transition the S3 objects to Amazon S3 Glacier. 
D. Order 10 AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices, and select an Amazon S3 bucket as 
the destination.  
Create a lifecycle policy to transition the S3 objects to Amazon S3 Glacier. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
150 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To upload existing data to Amazon S3 Glacier (S3 Glacier), you might consider using one of the 
AWS Snowball device types to import data into Amazon S3, and then move it to the S3 Glacier 
storage class for archival using lifecycle rules. When you transition Amazon S3 objects to the S3 
Glacier storage class, Amazon S3 internally uses S3 Glacier for durable storage at lower cost. 
Although the objects are stored in S3 Glacier, they remain Amazon S3 objects that you manage 
in Amazon S3, and you cannot access them directly through S3 Glacier. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonglacier/latest/dev/uploading-an-archive.html 
 
 
QUESTION 296 
A company's website handles millions of requests each day, and the number of requests 
continues to increase. A solutions architect needs to improve the response time of the web 
application. The solutions architect determines that the application needs to decrease latency 
when retrieving product details from the 
Amazon DynamoDB table. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead? 
 
A. Set up a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster.  
Route all read requests through DAX. 
B. Set up Amazon ElastiCache for Redis between the DynamoDB table and the web application.  
Route all read requests through Redis. 
C. Set up Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached between the DynamoDB table and the web 
application.  
Route all read requests through Memcached. 
D. Set up Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table, and have AWS Lambda read from the table 
and populate Amazon ElastiCache. Route all read requests through ElastiCache. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon DynamoDB is designed for scale and performance. In most cases, the DynamoDB 
response times can be measured in single-digit milliseconds. However, there are certain use 
cases that require response times in microseconds. For these use cases, DynamoDB Accelerator 
(DAX) delivers fast response times for accessing eventually consistent data. 
DAX is a DynamoDB-compatible caching service that enables you to benefit from fast in-memory 
performance for demanding applications. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/DAX.html 
 
 
QUESTION 297 
A media company collects and analyzes user activity data on premises. The company wants to 
migrate this capability to AWS. The user activity data store will continue to grow and will be 
petabytes in size. The company needs to build a highly available data ingestion solution that 
facilitates on-demand analytics of existing data and new data with SQL. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Send activity data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream.  
Configure the stream to deliver the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
B. Send activity data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream.  
Configure the stream to deliver the data to an Amazon Redshift cluster. 
C. Place activity data in an Amazon S3 bucket.  
Configure Amazon S3 to run an AWS Lambda function on the data as the data arrives in the S3 
bucket. 
D. Create an ingestion service on Amazon EC2 instances that are spread across multiple Availability 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
151 
Zones.  
Configure the service to forward data to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose is a data transfer service for loading streaming data into Amazon 
S3, Splunk, ElasticSearch, and RedShift. 
https://www.whizlabs.com/blog/aws-kinesis-data-streams-vs-aws-kinesis-data-firehose/ 
 
 
QUESTION 298 
A company is using a centralized AWS account to store log data in various Amazon S3 buckets. 
A solutions architect needs to ensure that the data is encrypted at rest before the data is 
uploaded to the S3 buckets. The data also must be encrypted in transit. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use client-side encryption to encrypt the data that is being uploaded to the S3 buckets. 
B. Use server-side encryption to encrypt the data that is being uploaded to the S3 buckets. 
C. Create bucket policies that require the use of server-side encryption with S3 managed encryption 
keys (SSE-S3) for S3 uploads. 
D. Enable the security option to encrypt the S3 buckets through the use of a default AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) key. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Data protection refers to protecting data while in-transit (as it travels to and from Amazon S3) and 
at rest (while it is stored on disks in Amazon S3 data centers). You can protect data in transit 
using Secure Socket Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) or client-side encryption. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingEncryption.html 
 
 
QUESTION 299 
A company has an on-premises business application that generates hundreds of files each day. 
These files are stored on an SMB file share and require a low- latency connection to the 
application servers. A new company policy states all application-generated files must be copied to 
AWS. There is already a VPN connection to AWS. 
The application development team does not have time to make the necessary code modifications 
to move the application to AWS. 
Which service should a solutions architect recommend to allow the application to copy files to 
AWS? 
 
A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server 
C. AWS Snowball 
D. AWS Storage Gateway 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The files will be on the storgare gateway with low latency and copied to AWS as a second copy. 
FSx in AWS will not provide low latency for the on prem apps over a vpn to the FSx file system. 
 
 
QUESTION 300 
A company has an ordering application that stores customer information in Amazon RDS for 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
152 
MySQL. During regular business hours, employees run one-time queries for reporting purposes. 
Timeouts are occurring during order processing because the reporting queries are taking a long 
time to run. The company needs to eliminate the timeouts without preventing employees from 
performing queries. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a read replica. Move reporting queries to the read replica. 
B. Create a read replica. Distribute the ordering application to the primary DB instance and the read 
replica. 
C. Migrate the ordering application to Amazon DynamoDB with on-demand capacity. 
D. Schedule the reporting queries for non-peak hours. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Reporting is OK to run on replicated data with some delay in replication. 
 
 
QUESTION 301 
A company runs a web application that is backed by Amazon RDS. A new database administrator 
caused data loss by accidentally editing information in a database table. To help recover from this 
type of incident, the company wants the ability to restore the database to its state from 5 minutes 
before any change within the last 30 days. 
Which feature should the solutions architect include in the design to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Read replicas 
B. Manual snapshots 
C. Automated backups 
D. Multi-AZ deployments 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
RDS creates automated backups of your volume snapshot in which you can recover to a specific 
point-in-time recovery. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithAutomatedBac
kups.html 
 
 
QUESTION 302 
A company uses Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL databases for its data tier. The company must 
implement password rotation for the databases. 
 
Which solution meets this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Store the password in AWS Secrets Manager.  
Enable automatic rotation on the secret. 
B. Store the password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.  
Enable automatic rotation on the parameter. 
C. Store the password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store.  
Write an AWS Lambda function that rotates the password. 
D. Store the password in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).  
Enable automatic rotation on the customer master key (CMK). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
153 
Only service that rotates credentials automatically is secrets manager. 
https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/ 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-
store.html (reference note) 
 
 
QUESTION 303 
A company's facility has badge readers at every entrance throughout the building. When badges 
are scanned, the readers send a message over HTTPS to indicate who attempted to access that 
particular entrance. 
 
A solutions architect must design a system to process these messages from the sensors. The 
solution must be highly available, and the results must be made available for the company's 
security team to analyze. 
 
Which system architecture should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance to serve as the HTTPS endpoint and to process the messages. 
Configure the EC2 instance to save the results to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
B. Create an HTTPS endpoint in Amazon API Gateway. 
Configure the API Gateway endpoint to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the 
messages and save the results to an Amazon DynamoDB table. 
C. Use Amazon Route 53 to direct incoming sensor messages to an AWS Lambda function. 
Configure the Lambda function to process the messages and save the results to an Amazon 
DynamoDB table. 
D. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. 
Configure a Site-to-Site VPN connection from the facility network to the VPC so that sensor data 
can be written directly to an S3 bucket by way of the VPC endpoint. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Deploy Amazon API Gateway as an HTTPS endpoint and AWS Lambda to process and save the 
messages to an Amazon DynamoDB table. This option provides a highly available and scalable 
solution that can easily handle large amounts of data. It also integrates with other AWS services, 
making it easier to analyze and visualize the data for the security team. 
 
 
QUESTION 304 
An Amazon EC2 instance is located in a private subnet in a new VPC. This subnet does not have 
outbound internet access, but the EC2 instance needs the ability to download monthly security 
updates from an outside vendor. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an internet gateway, and attach it to the VPC.  
Configure the private subnet route table to use the internet gateway as the default route. 
B. Create a NAT gateway, and place it in a public subnet.  
Configure the private subnet route table to use the NAT gateway as the default route. 
C. Create a NAT instance, and place it in the same subnet where the EC2 instance is located.  
Configure the private subnet route table to use the NAT instance as the default route. 
D. Create an internet gateway, and attach it to the VPC.  
Create a NAT instance, and place it in the same subnet where the EC2 instance is located.  
Configure the private subnet route table to use the internet gateway as the default route. 
 
Answer: B 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
154 
Explanation: 
This approach will allow the EC2 instance to access the internet and download the monthly 
security updates while still being located in a private subnet. By creating a NAT gateway and 
placing it in a public subnet, it will allow the instances in the private subnet to access the internet 
through the NAT gateway. And then, configure the private subnet route table to use the NAT 
gateway as the default route. This will ensure that all outbound traffic is directed through the NAT 
gateway, allowing the EC2 instance to access the internet while still maintaining the security of 
the private subnet. 
 
 
QUESTION 305 
A company has been running a web application with an Oracle relational database in an on-
premises data center for the past 15 years. The company must migrate the database to AWS. 
The company needs to reduce operational overhead without having to modify the application's 
code. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the database servers to Amazon 
RDS. 
B. Use Amazon EC2 instances to migrate and operate the database servers. 
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the database servers to Amazon 
DynamoDB. 
D. Use an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device to migrate the data from Oracle to 
Amazon Aurora. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
DMS can be used for database migration(supports cross database migration too). 
RDS supports MySQL, PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/migrate-an-on-premises-
oracle-database-to-amazon-rds-for-oracle.html 
 
 
QUESTION 306 
A company is running an application on Amazon EC2 instances. Traffic to the workload increases 
substantially during business hours and decreases afterward. The CPU utilization of an EC2 
instance is a strong indicator of end-user demand on the application. The company has 
configured an Auto Scaling group to have a minimum group size of 2 EC2 instances and a 
maximum group size of 10 EC2 instances. 
 
The company is concerned that the current scaling policy that is associated with the Auto Scaling 
group might not be correct. The company must avoid over-provisioning EC2 instances and 
incurring unnecessary costs. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to use a scheduled scaling plan and launch an additional 8 
EC2 instances during business hours. 
B. Configure AWS Auto Scaling to use a scaling plan that enables predictive scaling.  
Configure predictive scaling with a scaling mode of forecast and scale, and to enforce the 
maximum capacity setting during scaling. 
C. Configure a step scaling policy to add 4 EC2 instances at 50% CPU utilization and add another 4 
EC2 instances at 90% CPU utilization.  
Configure scale-in policies to perform the reverse and remove EC2 instances based on the two 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
155 
values. 
D. Configure AWS Auto Scaling to have a desired capacity of 5 EC2 instances, and disable any 
existing scaling policies.  
Monitor the CPU utilization metric for 1 week.  
Then create dynamic scaling policies that are based on the observed values. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Predictive Scaling, now natively supported as an EC2 Auto Scaling policy, uses machine learning 
to schedule the right number of EC2 instances in anticipation of approaching traffic changes. 
Predictive Scaling predicts future traffic, including regularly-occurring spikes, and provisions the 
right number of EC2 instances in advance. Predictive Scaling's machine learning algorithms 
detect changes in daily and weekly patterns, automatically adjusting their forecasts. This removes 
the need for manual adjustment of Auto Scaling parameters as cyclicality changes over time, 
making Auto Scaling simpler to configure. Auto Scaling enhanced with Predictive Scaling delivers 
faster, simpler, and more accurate capacity provisioning resulting in lower cost and more 
responsive applications. 
 
 
QUESTION 307 
A company wants to use a custom distributed application that calculates various profit and loss 
scenarios. To achieve this goal, the company needs to provide a network connection between its 
Amazon EC2 instances. The connection must minimize latency and must maximize throughput 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Provision the application to use EC2 Dedicated Hosts of the same instance type. 
B. Configure a placement group for EC2 instances that have the same instance type. 
C. Use multiple AWS elastic network interfaces and link aggregation. 
D. Configure AWS PrivateLink for the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Cluster placement groups are recommended for applications that benefit from low network 
latency, high network throughput, or both. They are also recommended when the majority of the 
network traffic is between the instances in the group. To provide the lowest latency and the 
highest packet-per-second network performance for your placement group, choose an instance 
type that supports enhanced networking. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/placement-groups.html#placement-
groups-cluster 
 
 
QUESTION 308 
A company needs to run a critical application on AWS. The company needs to use Amazon EC2 
for the applications database. The database must be highly available and must fail over 
automatically if a disruptive event occurs. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Launch two EC2 instances, each in a different Availability Zone in the same AWS Region. Install 
the database on both EC2 instances. Configure the EC2 instances as a cluster. Set up database 
replication. 
B. Launch an EC2 instance in an Availability Zone. Install the database on the EC2 instance. Use an 
Amazon Machine Image (AMI) to back up the data. Use AWS CloudFormation to automate 
provisioning of the EC2 instance if a disruptive event occurs. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
156 
C. Launch two EC2 instances, each in a different AWS Region. Install the database on both EC2 
instances. Set up database replication. Fail over the database to a second Region. 
D. Launch an EC2 instance in an Availability Zone. Install the database on the EC2 instance. Use an 
Amazon Machine Image (AMI) to back up the data. Use EC2 automatic recovery to recover the 
instance if a disruptive event occurs. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Configure the EC2 instances as a cluster) Cluster consist of one or more DB instances and a 
cluster volume that manages the data for those DB instances. Cluster Volume is a VIRTUAL 
DATABASE storage volume that spans multiple Availability Zones, with each Availability Zone 
having a copy of the DB cluster data. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Overview.html 
 
 
QUESTION 309 
A company hosts its application on AWS. The company uses Amazon Cognito to manage users. 
When users log in to the application, the application fetches required data from Amazon 
DynamoDB by using a REST API that is hosted in Amazon API Gateway. The company wants an 
AWS managed solution that will control access to the REST API to reduce development efforts. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure an AWS Lambda function to be an authorizer in API Gateway to validate which user 
made the request. 
B. For each user, create and assign an API key that must be sent with each request. Validate the 
key by using an AWS Lambda function. 
C. Send the users email address in the header with every request. Invoke an AWS Lambda function 
to validate that the user with that email address has proper access. 
D. Configure an Amazon Cognito user pool authorizer in API Gateway to allow Amazon Cognito to 
validate each request. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Use the Amazon Cognito console, CLI/SDK, or API to create a user poolor use one that's 
owned by another AWS account. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-integrate-with-
cognito.html 
 
 
QUESTION 310 
A company is developing a marketing communications service that targets mobile app users. The 
company needs to send confirmation messages with Short Message Service (SMS) to its users. 
The users must be able to reply to the SMS messages. The company must store the responses 
for a year for analysis. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Connect contact flow to send the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to 
process the responses. 
B. Build an Amazon Pinpoint journey. Configure Amazon Pinpoint to send events to an Amazon 
Kinesis data stream for analysis and archiving. 
C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to distribute the SMS messages. Use AWS 
Lambda to process the responses. 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topic. Subscribe an Amazon 
Kinesis data stream to the SNS topic for analysis and archiving. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
157 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/pinpoint/product-details/sms/ 
Two-Way Messaging: 
Receive SMS messages from your customers and reply back to them in a chat-like interactive 
experience. With Amazon Pinpoint, you can create automatic responses when customers send 
you messages that contain certain keywords. You can even use Amazon Lex to create 
conversational bots. 
A majority of mobile phone users read incoming SMS messages almost immediately after 
receiving them. If you need to be able to provide your customers with urgent or important 
information, SMS messaging may be the right solution for you. 
You can use Amazon Pinpoint to create targeted groups of customers, and then send them 
campaign-based messages. You can also use Amazon Pinpoint to send direct messages, such 
as appointment confirmations, order updates, and one-time passwords. 
 
 
QUESTION 311 
The customers of a finance company request appointments with financial advisors by sending 
text messages. A web application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances accepts the appointment 
requests. The text messages are published to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queue through the web application. Another application that runs on EC2 instances then sends 
meeting invitations and meeting confirmation email messages to the customers. After successful 
scheduling, this application stores the meeting information in an Amazon DynamoDB database. 
As the company expands, customers report that their meeting invitations are taking longer to 
arrive. 
What should a solutions architect recommend to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Add a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster in front of the DynamoDB database. 
B. Add an Amazon API Gateway API in front of the web application that accepts the appointment 
requests. 
C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set the origin as the web application that accepts the 
appointment requests. 
D. Add an Auto Scaling group for the application that sends meeting invitations. Configure the Auto 
Scaling group to scale based on the depth of the SQS queue. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To resolve the issue of longer delivery times for meeting invitations, the solutions architect can 
recommend adding an Auto Scaling group for the application that sends meeting invitations and 
configuring the Auto Scaling group to scale based on the depth of the SQS queue. This will allow 
the application to scale up as the number of appointment requests increases, improving the 
performance and delivery times of the meeting invitations. 
 
 
QUESTION 312 
A company offers a food delivery service that is growing rapidly. Because of the growth, the 
companys order processing system is experiencing scaling problems during peak traffic hours. 
The current architecture includes the following: 
 
- A group of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to collect 
orders from the application 
- Another group of EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to fulfill orders 
 
The order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
158 
Data must not be lost because of a scaling event. 
A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment 
process can both scale properly during peak traffic hours. The solution must optimize utilization of 
the companys AWS resources. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling 
groups. Configure each Auto Scaling groups minimum capacity according to peak workload 
values. 
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling 
groups. Configure a CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic that creates additional Auto Scaling groups on demand. 
C. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection 
and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. 
Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on notifications that the queues send. 
D. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection 
and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. 
Create a metric based on a backlog per instance calculation. Scale the Auto Scaling groups 
based on this metric. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The number of instances in your Auto Scaling group can be driven by how long it takes to 
process a message and the acceptable amount of latency (queue delay). The solution is to use a 
backlog per instance metric with the target value being the acceptable backlog per instance to 
maintain. 
 
 
QUESTION 313 
A company hosts multiple production applications. One of the applications consists of resources 
from Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, Amazon RDS, Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon 
SNS), and Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) across multiple AWS Regions. All 
company resources are tagged with a tag name of application and a value that corresponds to 
each application. A solutions architect must provide the quickest solution for identifying all of the 
tagged components. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS CloudTrail to generate a list of resources with the application tag. 
B. Use the AWS CLI to query each service across all Regions to report the tagged components. 
C. Run a query in Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights to report on the components with the 
application tag. 
D. Run a query with the AWS Resource Groups Tag Editor to report on the resources globally with 
the application tag. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ARG/latest/userguide/tag-editor.html 
Tags are words or phrases that act as metadata that you can use to identify and organize your 
AWS resources. A resource can have up to 50 user-applied tags. It can also have read-only 
system tags. Each tag consists of a key and one optional value. 
 
 
QUESTION 314 
A company needs to export its database once a day to Amazon S3 for other teams to access. 
The exported object size varies between 2 GB and 5 GB. The S3 access pattern for the data is 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
159 
variable and changes rapidly. The data must be immediately available and must remain 
accessible for up to 3 months. The company needs the most cost-effective solution that will not 
increase retrieval time. 
Which S3 storage class should the company use to meet these requirements? 
 
A. S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
B. S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval 
C. S3 Standard 
D. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
S3 Intelligent-Tiering monitors access patterns and moves objects that have not been accessed 
for 30 consecutive days to the Infrequent Access tier and after 90 days of no access to the 
Archive Instant Access tier. 
 
 
QUESTION 315 
A company is developing a new mobile app. The company must implement proper traffic filtering 
to protect its Application Load Balancer (ALB) against common application-level attacks, such as 
cross-site scripting or SQL injection. The company has minimal infrastructure and operational 
staff. The company needs to reduce its share of the responsibility in managing, updating, and 
securing servers for its AWS environment. 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure AWS WAF rules and associate them with the ALB. 
B. Deploy the application using Amazon S3 with public hosting enabled. 
C. Deploy AWS Shield Advanced and add the ALB as a protected resource. 
D. Create a new ALB that directs traffic to an Amazon EC2 instance running a third-party firewall, 
which then passes the traffic to the current ALB. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
A solutions architect should recommend option A, which is to configure AWS WAF rules and 
associate them with the ALB. This will allow the company to apply traffic filtering at the application 
layer, which is necessary for protecting the ALB against common application-level attacks such 
as cross-site scripting or SQL injection. AWS WAF is a managed service that makes it easy to 
protect web applications from common web exploits that could affect application availability, 
compromise security, or consume excessive resources. The company can easily manage and 
update the rules to ensure the security of its application. 
 
 
QUESTION 316 
A companys reporting system delivers hundreds of .csv files to an Amazon S3 bucket each day. 
The company must convert these files to Apache Parquet format and must store the files in a 
transformed data bucket. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort? 
 
A. Create an Amazon EMR cluster with Apache Spark installed. Write a Spark application to 
transform the data. Use EMR File System (EMRFS) to write files to the transformed data bucket. 
B. Create an AWS Glue crawler to discover the data. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and 
load (ETL) job to transform the data. Specify the transformed data bucket in the output step. 
C. Use AWS Batch to create a job definition with Bash syntax to transform the data and output the 
data to the transformed data bucket. Use the job definition to submit a job. Specify an array job as 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
160 
the job type. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to transform the data and output the data to the transformed 
data bucket. Configure an event notification for the S3 bucket. Specify the Lambda function as the 
destination for the event notification. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/three-aws-glue-etl-job-types-
for-converting-data-to-apache-parquet.html 
 
 
QUESTION 317 
A company has a serverless website with millions of objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. The 
company uses the S3 bucket as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company 
did not set encryption on the S3 bucket before the objects were loaded. A solutions architect 
needs to enable encryption for all existing objects and for all objects that are added to the S3 
bucket in the future. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort? 
 
A. Create a new S3 bucket. Turn on the default encryption settings for the new S3 bucket. Download 
all existing objects to temporary local storage. Upload the objects to the new S3 bucket. 
B. Turn on the default encryption settings for the S3 bucket. Use the S3 Inventory feature to create 
a .csv file that lists the unencrypted objects. Run an S3 Batch Operations job that uses the copy 
command to encrypt those objects. 
C. Create a new encryption key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Change the 
settings on the S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys 
(SSE-KMS). Turn on versioning for the S3 bucket. 
D. Navigate to Amazon S3 in the AWS Management Console. Browse the S3 buckets objects. Sort 
by the encryption field. Select each unencrypted object. Use the Modify button to apply default 
encryption settings to every unencrypted object in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Step 1: S3 inventory to get object list 
Step 2 (If needed): Use S3 Select to filter 
Step 3: S3 object operations to encrypt the unencrypted objects. 
On the going object use default encryption. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/encrypting-objects-with-amazon-s3-batch-operations/ 
 
 
QUESTION 318 
A company has a web server running on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet with an 
Elastic IP address. The default security group is assigned to the EC2 instance. The default 
network ACL has been modified to block all traffic. A solutions architect needs to make the web 
server accessible from everywhere on port 443. 
Which combination of steps will accomplish this task? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0. 
B. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 to destination 0.0.0.0/0. 
C. Update the network ACL to allow TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0. 
D. Update the network ACL to allow inbound/outbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0 and to 
destination 0.0.0.0/0. 
E. Update the network ACL to allow inbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0 and outbound TCP 
port 32768-65535 to destination 0.0.0.0/0. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
161 
 
Answer: AE 
Explanation: 
To enable the connection to a service running on an instance, the associated network ACL must 
allow both: 
- Inbound traffic on the port that the service is listening on 
- Outbound traffic to ephemeral ports 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/resolve-connection-sg-acl-inbound/ 
 
 
QUESTION 319 
A solutions architect is designing a new API using Amazon API Gateway that will receive 
requests from users. The volume of requests is highly variable; several hours can pass without 
receiving a single request. The data processing will take place asynchronously, but should be 
completed within a few seconds after a request is made. 
Which compute service should the solutions architect have the API invoke to deliver the 
requirements at the lowest cost? 
 
A. An AWS Glue job 
B. An AWS Lambda function 
C. A containerized service hosted in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) 
D. A containerized service hosted in Amazon ECS with Amazon EC2 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
API Gateway + Lambda is the perfect solution for modern applications with serverless 
architecture. 
 
 
QUESTION 320 
A company runs an application on a group of Amazon Linux EC2 instances. For compliance 
reasons, the company must retain all application log files for 7 years. The log files will be 
analyzed by a reporting tool that must be able to access all the files concurrently. 
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
C. Amazon EC2 instance store 
D. Amazon S3 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 - Requests to Amazon S3 can be authenticated or anonymous. Authenticated access 
requires credentials that AWS can use to authenticate your requests. When making REST API 
calls directly from your code, you create a signature using valid credentials and include the 
signature in your request. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage 
service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance. This 
means customers of all sizes and industries can use it to store and protect any amount of data for 
a range of use cases, such as websites, mobile applications, backup and restore, archive, 
enterprise applications, IoT devices, and big data analytics. Amazon S3 provides easy-to-use 
management features so you can organize your data and configure finely-tuned access controls 
to meet your specific business, organizational, and compliance requirements. Amazon S3 is 
designed for 99.999999999% (11 9's) of durability, and stores data for millions of applications for 
companies all around the world. 
Reference: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
162 
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/ 
 
 
QUESTION 321 
A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the companys AWS account. The 
vendor uses an automated tool that is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor owns. The 
vendor does not have IAM access to the companys AWS account. 
How should a solutions architect grant this access to the vendor? 
 
A. Create an IAM role in the companys account to delegate access to the vendors IAM role. Attach 
the appropriate IAM policies to the role for the permissions that the vendor requires. 
B. Create an IAM user in the companys account with a password that meets the password 
complexity requirements. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that 
the vendor requires. 
C. Create an IAM group in the companys account. Add the tools IAM user from the vendor account 
to the group. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the group for the permissions that the vendor 
requires. 
D. Create a new identity provider by choosing AWS account as the provider type in the IAM 
console. Supply the vendors AWS account ID and user name. Attach the appropriate IAM 
policies to the new provider for the permissions that the vendor requires. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html 
 
 
QUESTION 322 
A company has deployed a Java Spring Boot application as a pod that runs on Amazon Elastic 
Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) in private subnets. The application needs to write data to an 
Amazon DynamoDB table. A solutions architect must ensure that the application can interact with 
the DynamoDB table without exposing traffic to the internet. 
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to accomplish this goal? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Attach an IAM role that has sufficient privileges to the EKS pod. 
B. Attach an IAM user that has sufficient privileges to the EKS pod. 
C. Allow outbound connectivity to the DynamoDB table through the private subnets network ACLs. 
D. Create a VPC endpoint for DynamoDB. 
E. Embed the access keys in the Java Spring Boot code. 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/vpc-endpoints-
dynamodb.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2019/09/amazon-eks-adds-support-to-assign-iam-
permissions-to-kubernetes-service-accounts/ 
 
 
QUESTION 323 
A company recently migrated its web application to AWS by rehosting the application on Amazon 
EC2 instances in a single AWS Region. The company wants to redesign its application 
architecture to be highly available and fault tolerant. Traffic must reach all running EC2 instances 
randomly. 
Which combination of steps should the company take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
163 
 
A. Create an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy. 
B. Create an Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy. 
C. Create an Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy. 
D. Launch three EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and one instance in another 
Availability Zone. 
E. Launch four EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and two instances in another 
Availability Zone. 
 
Answer: CE 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/multivalue-versus-simple-policies/ 
 
 
QUESTION 324 
A company collects data from thousands of remote devices by using a RESTful web services 
application that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance receives the raw data, 
transforms the raw data, and stores all the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The number of remote 
devices will increase into the millions soon. The company needs a highly scalable solution that 
minimizes operational overhead. 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Glue to process the raw data in Amazon S3. 
B. Use Amazon Route 53 to route traffic to different EC2 instances. 
C. Add more EC2 instances to accommodate the increasing amount of incoming data. 
D. Send the raw data to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). Use EC2 instances to 
process the data. 
E. Use Amazon API Gateway to send the raw data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Configure 
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to use the data stream as a source to deliver the data to Amazon 
S3. 
 
Answer: AE 
Explanation: 
"RESTful web services" => API Gateway. 
"EC2 instance receives the raw data, transforms the raw data, and stores all the data in an 
Amazon S3 bucket" => GLUE with (Extract - Transform - Load) 
 
 
QUESTION 325 
A company needs to retain its AWS CloudTrail logs for 3 years. The company is enforcing 
CloudTrail across a set of AWS accounts by using AWS Organizations from the parent account. 
The CloudTrail target S3 bucket is configured with S3 Versioning enabled. An S3 Lifecycle policy 
is in place to delete current objects after 3 years. 
After the fourth year of use of the S3 bucket, the S3 bucket metrics show that the number of 
objects has continued to rise. However, the number of new CloudTrail logs that are delivered to 
the S3 bucket has remained consistent. 
Which solution will delete objects that are older than 3 years in the MOST cost-effective manner? 
 
A. Configure the organizations centralized CloudTrail trail to expire objects after 3 years. 
B. Configure the S3 Lifecycle policy to delete previous versions as well as current versions. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to enumerate and delete objects from Amazon S3 that are older 
than 3 years. 
D. Configure the parent account as the owner of all objects that are delivered to the S3 bucket. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
164 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
To delete objects that are older than 3 years in the most cost-effective manner, the company 
should configure the S3 Lifecycle policy to delete previous versions as well as current versions. 
This will ensure that all versions of the objects, including the previous versions, are deleted after 
3 years. 
 
 
QUESTION 326 
A company has an API that receives real-time data from a fleet of monitoring devices. The API 
stores this data in an Amazon RDS DB instance for later analysis. The amount of data that the 
monitoring devices send to the API fluctuates. During periods of heavy traffic, the API often 
returns timeout errors. 
After an inspection of the logs, the company determines that the database is not capable of 
processing the volume of write traffic that comes from the API. A solutions architect must 
minimize the number of connections to the database and must ensure that data is not lost during 
periods of heavy traffic. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Increase the size of the DB instance to an instance type that has more available memory. 
B. Modify the DB instance to be a Multi-AZ DB instance. Configure the application to write to all 
active RDS DB instances. 
C. Modify the API to write incoming data to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
queue. Use an AWS Lambda function that Amazon SQS invokes to write data from the queue to 
the database. 
D. Modify the API to write incoming data to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 
topic. Use an AWS Lambda function that Amazon SNS invokes to write data from the topic to the 
database. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Using Amazon SQS will help minimize the number of connections to the database, as the API will 
write data to a queue instead of directly to the database. Additionally, using an AWS Lambda 
function that Amazon SQS invokes to write data from the queue to the database will help ensure 
that data is not lost during periods of heavy traffic, as the queue will serve as a buffer between 
the API and the database. 
 
 
QUESTION 327 
A company manages its own Amazon EC2 instances that run MySQL databases. The company 
is manually managing replication and scaling as demand increases or decreases. The company 
needs a new solution that simplifies the process of adding or removing compute capacity to or 
from its database tier as needed. The solution also must offer improved performance, scaling, 
and durability with minimal effort from operations. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the databases to Amazon Aurora Serverless for Aurora MySQL. 
B. Migrate the databases to Amazon Aurora Serverless for Aurora PostgreSQL. 
C. Combine the databases into one larger MySQL database. Run the larger database on larger EC2 
instances. 
D. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group for the database tier. Migrate the existing databases to the 
new environment. 
 
Answer: A 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
165 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/serverless/ 
 
 
QUESTION 328 
A company is concerned that two NAT instances in use will no longer be able to support the 
traffic needed for the companys application. A solutions architect wants to implement a solution 
that is highly available, fault tolerant, and automatically scalable. 
What should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Remove the two NAT instances and replace them with two NAT gateways in the same Availability 
Zone. 
B. Use Auto Scaling groups with Network Load Balancers for the NAT instances in different 
Availability Zones. 
C. Remove the two NAT instances and replace them with two NAT gateways in different Availability 
Zones. 
D. Replace the two NAT instances with Spot Instances in different Availability Zones and deploy a 
Network Load Balancer. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
If you have resources in multiple Availability Zones and they share one NAT gateway, and if the 
NAT gateway's Availability Zone is down, resources in the other Availability Zones lose internet 
access. To create an Availability Zone-independent architecture, create a NAT gateway in each 
Availability Zone and configure your routing to ensure that resources use the NAT gateway in the 
same Availability Zone.  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-nat-gateway.html#nat-gateway-basics 
 
 
QUESTION 329 
An application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance that has an Elastic IP address in VPC A. The 
application requires access to a database in VPC B. Both VPCs are in the same AWS account. 
Which solution will provide the required access MOST securely? 
 
A. Create a DB instance security group that allows all traffic from the public IP address of the 
application server in VPC A. 
B. Configure a VPC peering connection between VPC A and VPC B. 
C. Make the DB instance publicly accessible. Assign a public IP address to the DB instance. 
D. Launch an EC2 instance with an Elastic IP address into VPC B. Proxy all requests through the 
new EC2 instance. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/rds-connectivity-instance-subnet-
vpc/ 
 
 
QUESTION 330 
A company runs demonstration environments for its customers on Amazon EC2 instances. Each 
environment is isolated in its own VPC. The companys operations team needs to be notified 
when RDP or SSH access to an environment has been established. 
 
A. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Application Insights to create AWS Systems Manager OpsItems 
when RDP or SSH access is detected. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
166 
B. Configure the EC2 instances with an IAM instance profile that has an IAM role with the 
AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore policy attached. 
C. Publish VPC flow logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Create required metric filters. Create an 
Amazon CloudWatch metric alarm with a notification action for when the alarm is in the ALARM 
state. 
D. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to listen for events of type EC2 Instance State-change 
Notification. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as a target. 
Subscribe the operations team to the topic. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
EC2 Instance State-change Notifications are not the same as RDP or SSH established 
connection notifications. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor SSH access to your Amazon 
EC2 Linux instances so that you can monitor rejected (or established) SSH connection requests 
and take action. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-monitor-and-visualize-failed-ssh-access-attempts-
to-amazon-ec2-linux-instances/ 
 
 
QUESTION 331 
A company is building a new web-based customer relationship management application. The 
application will use several Amazon EC2 instances that are backed by Amazon Elastic Block 
Store (Amazon EBS) volumes behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The application will 
also use an Amazon Aurora database. All data for the application must be encrypted at rest and 
in transit. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) certificates on the ALB to encrypt data in transit. 
Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to encrypt the EBS volumes and Aurora database storage 
at rest. 
B. Use the AWS root account to log in to the AWS Management Console. Upload the companys 
encryption certificates. While in the root account, select the option to turn on encryption for all 
data at rest and in transit for the account. 
C. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to encrypt the EBS volumes and Aurora 
database storage at rest. Attach an AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) certificate to the ALB to 
encrypt data in transit. 
D. Use BitLocker to encrypt all data at rest. Import the companys TLS certificate keys to AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) Attach the KMS keys to the ALB to encrypt data in transit. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 332 
A solutions architect has created a new AWS account and must secure AWS account root user 
access. 
Which combination of actions will accomplish this? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Ensure the root user uses a strong password. 
B. Enable multi-factor authentication to the root user. 
C. Store root user access keys in an encrypted Amazon S3 bucket. 
D. Add the root user to a group containing administrative permissions. 
E. Apply the required permissions to the root user with an inline policy document. 
 
Answer: AB 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
167 
Explanation: 
"Enable MFA" 
The AWS Account Root User  
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_root-user.html 
"Choose a strong password" 
Changing the AWS Account Root User Password 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_passwords_change-root.html 
 
 
QUESTION 333 
A company has a three-tier application for image sharing. The application uses an Amazon EC2 
instance for the front-end layer, another EC2 instance for the application layer, and a third EC2 
instance for a MySQL database. A solutions architect must design a scalable and highly available 
solution that requires the least amount of change to the application. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use AWS Lambda functions for the application layer. 
Move the database to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users 
images. 
B. Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the 
application layer. Move the database to an Amazon RDS DB instance with multiple read replicas 
to serve users images. 
C. Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use a fleet of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group 
for the application layer. Move the database to a memory optimized instance type to store and 
serve users images. 
D. Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the 
application layer. Move the database to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. Use Amazon S3 
to store and serve users images. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
for "Highly available": Multi-AZ & for "least amount of changes to the application": Elastic 
Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment, from capacity provisioning, load balancing, 
auto-scaling to application health monitoring 
 
 
QUESTION 334 
A company wants to experiment with individual AWS accounts for its engineer team. The 
company wants to be notified as soon as the Amazon EC2 instance usage for a given month 
exceeds a specific threshold for each account. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use Cost Explorer to create a daily report of costs by service. Filter the report by EC2 instances. 
Configure Cost Explorer to send an Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) notification 
when a threshold is exceeded. 
B. Use Cost Explorer to create a monthly report of costs by service. Filter the report by EC2 
instances. Configure Cost Explorer to send an Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) 
notification when a threshold is exceeded. 
C. Use AWS Budgets to create a cost budget for each account. Set the period to monthly. Set the 
scope to EC2 instances. Set an alert threshold for the budget. Configure an Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to receive a notification when a threshold is exceeded. 
D. Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report with hourly granularity. Integrate the report 
data with Amazon Athena. Use Amazon EventBridge to schedule an Athena query. Configure an 
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to receive a notification when a 
threshold is exceeded. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
168 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Budgets allows you to create budgets for your AWS accounts and set alerts when usage 
exceeds a certain threshold. By creating a budget for each account, specifying the period as 
monthly and the scope as EC2 instances, you can effectively track the EC2 usage for each 
account and be notified when a threshold is exceeded. This solution is the most cost-effective 
option as it does not require additional resources such as Amazon Athena or Amazon 
EventBridge. 
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/control-your-costs-free-tier-budgets/ 
 
 
QUESTION 335 
A solutions architect needs to design a new microservice for a companys application. Clients 
must be able to call an HTTPS endpoint to reach the microservice. The microservice also must 
use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to authenticate calls. The solutions architect 
will write the logic for this microservice by using a single AWS Lambda function that is written in 
Go 1.x. 
Which solution will deploy the function in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Configure the method to use the Lambda function. 
Enable IAM authentication on the API. 
B. Create a Lambda function URL for the function. Specify AWS_IAM as the authentication type. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to Lambda@Edge. Integrate IAM 
authentication logic into the Lambda@Edge function. 
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to CloudFront Functions. Specify 
AWS_IAM as the authentication type. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 336 
A company previously migrated its data warehouse solution to AWS. The company also has an 
AWS Direct Connect connection. Corporate office users query the data warehouse using a 
visualization tool. The average size of a query returned by the data warehouse is 50 MB and 
each webpage sent by the visualization tool is approximately 500 KB. Result sets returned by the 
data warehouse are not cached. 
Which solution provides the LOWEST data transfer egress cost for the company? 
 
A. Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over the internet. 
B. Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse. Access it over the 
internet. 
C. Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over a Direct 
Connect connection at a location in the same AWS Region. 
D. Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse and access it over a 
Direct Connect connection at a location in the same Region. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/pricing/ 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/aws-data-transfer-prices-reduced/ 
 
 
QUESTION 337 
An online learning company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company maintains its student 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
169 
records in a PostgreSQL database. The company needs a solution in which its data is available 
and online across multiple AWS Regions at all times. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead? 
 
A. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to a PostgreSQL cluster on Amazon EC2 instances. 
B. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance with the Multi-
AZ feature turned on. 
C. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Create a 
read replica in another Region. 
D. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Set up DB 
snapshots to be copied to another Region. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/cross-region-read-replicas-for-amazon-rds-for-mysql/ 
 
 
QUESTION 338 
A medical research lab produces data that is related to a new study. The lab wants to make the 
data available with minimum latency to clinics across the country for their on-premises, file-based 
applications. The data files are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket that has read-only permissions for 
each clinic. 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway as a virtual machine (VM) on premises at each 
clinic. 
B. Migrate the files to each clinics on-premises applications by using AWS DataSync for processing. 
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway as a virtual machine (VM) on premises at 
each clinic. 
D. Attach an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system to each clinics on-premises 
servers. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Storage Gateway is a service that connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-
based storage to provide seamless and secure integration between an organization's on-
premises IT environment and AWS's storage infrastructure. By deploying a file gateway as a 
virtual machine on each clinic's premises, the medical research lab can provide low-latency 
access to the data stored in the S3 bucket while maintaining read-only permissions for each 
clinic. This solution allows the clinics to access the data files directly from their on-premises file-
based applications without the need for data transfer or migration. 
 
 
QUESTION 339 
A company is using a content management system that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance. 
The EC2 instance contains both the web server and the database software. The company must 
make its website platform highly available and must enable the website to scale to meet user 
demand. 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Move the database to Amazon RDS, and enable automatic backups. Manually launch another 
EC2 instance in the same Availability Zone. Configure an Application Load Balancer in the 
Availability Zone, and set the two instances as targets. 
B. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora instance with a read replica in the same Availability 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
170 
Zone as the existing EC2 instance. Manually launch another EC2 instance in the same 
Availability Zone. Configure an Application Load Balancer, and set the two EC2 instances as 
targets. 
C. Move the database to Amazon Aurora with a read replica in another Availability Zone. Create an 
Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the EC2 instance. Configure an Application Load Balancer in 
two Availability Zones. Attach an Auto Scaling group that uses the AMI across two Availability 
Zones. 
D. Move the database to a separate EC2 instance, and schedule backups to Amazon S3. Create an 
Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the original EC2 instance. Configure an Application Load 
Balancer in two Availability Zones. Attach an Auto Scaling group that uses the AMI across two 
Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
This approach will provide both high availability and scalability for the website platform. By 
moving the database to Amazon Aurora with a read replica in another availability zone, it will 
provide a failover option for the database. The use of an Application Load Balancer and an Auto 
Scaling group across two availability zones allows for automatic scaling of the website to meet 
increased user demand. Additionally, creating an AMI from the original EC2 instance allows for 
easy replication of the instance in case of failure. 
 
 
QUESTION 340 
A company is launching an application on AWS. The application uses an Application Load 
Balancer (ALB) to direct traffic to at least two Amazon EC2 instances in a single target group. The 
instances are in an Auto Scaling group for each environment. The company requires a 
development environment and a production environment. The production environment will have 
periods of high traffic. 
Which solution will configure the development environment MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Reconfigure the target group in the development environment to have only one EC2 instance as a 
target. 
B. Change the ALB balancing algorithm to least outstanding requests. 
C. Reduce the size of the EC2 instances in both environments. 
D. Reduce the maximum number of EC2 instances in the development environments Auto Scaling 
group. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
This option will configure the development environment in the most cost-effective way as it 
reduces the number of instances running in the development environment and therefore reduces 
the cost of running the application. The development environment typically requires less 
resources than the production environment, and it is unlikely that the development environment 
will have periods of high traffic that would require a large number of instances. By reducing the 
maximum number of instances in the development environment's Auto Scaling group, the 
company can save on costs while still maintaining a functional development environment. 
 
 
QUESTION 341 
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones. The 
EC2 instances are in private subnets. A solutions architect implements an internet-facing 
Application Load Balancer (ALB) and specifies the EC2 instances as the target group. However, 
the internet traffic is not reaching the EC2 instances. 
How should the solutions architect reconfigure the architecture to resolve this issue? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
171 
A. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer. Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet to 
allow internet traffic. 
B. Move the EC2 instances to public subnets. Add a rule to the EC2 instances security groups to 
allow outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0. 
C. Update the route tables for the EC2 instances subnets to send 0.0.0.0/0 traffic through the 
internet gateway route. Add a rule to the EC2 instances security groups to allow outbound traffic 
to 0.0.0.0/0. 
D. Create public subnets in each Availability Zone. Associate the public subnets with the ALB. 
Update the route tables for the public subnets with a route to the private subnets. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/public-load-balancer-private-ec2/ 
 
 
QUESTION 342 
A company has deployed a database in Amazon RDS for MySQL. Due to increased transactions, 
the database support team is reporting slow reads against the DB instance and recommends 
adding a read replica. 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take before implementing this change? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Enable binlog replication on the RDS primary node. 
B. Choose a failover priority for the source DB instance. 
C. Allow long-running transactions to complete on the source DB instance. 
D. Create a global table and specify the AWS Regions where the table will be available. 
E. Enable automatic backups on the source instance by setting the backup retention period to a 
value other than 0. 
 
Answer: CE 
Explanation: 
An active, long-running transaction can slow the process of creating the read replica. We 
recommend that you wait for long-running transactions to complete before creating a read replica. 
If you create multiple read replicas in parallel from the same source DB instance, Amazon RDS 
takes only one snapshot at the start of the first create action. 
When creating a read replica, there are a few things to consider. First, you must enable automatic 
backups on the source DB instance by setting the backup retention period to a value other than 0. 
This requirement also applies to a read replica that is the source DB instance for another read 
replica. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html 
 
 
QUESTION 343 
A company runs analytics software on Amazon EC2 instances. The software accepts job 
requests from users to process data that has been uploaded to Amazon S3. Users report that 
some submitted data is not being processed Amazon CloudWatch reveals that the EC2 instances 
have a consistent CPU utilization at or near 100%. The company wants to improve system 
performance and scale the system based on user load. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a copy of the instance. Place all instances behind an Application Load Balancer. 
B. Create an S3 VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Update the software to reference the endpoint. 
C. Stop the EC2 instances. Modify the instance type to one with a more powerful CPU and more 
memory. Restart the instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
172 
D. Route incoming requests to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). Configure an EC2 
Auto Scaling group based on queue size. Update the software to read from the queue. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
By routing incoming requests to Amazon SQS, the company can decouple the job requests from 
the processing instances. This allows them to scale the number of instances based on the size of 
the queue, providing more resources when needed. Additionally, using an Auto Scaling group 
based on the queue size will automatically scale the number of instances up or down depending 
on the workload. Updating the software to read from the queue will allow it to process the job 
requests in a more efficient manner, improving the performance of the system. 
 
 
QUESTION 344 
A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a media application that is hosted in the 
AWS Cloud. The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data. The solution must 
be fully managed. 
Which AWS solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway. Create a file share that uses the required 
client protocol. Connect the application server to the file share. 
B. Create an AWS Storage Gateway tape gateway. Configure tapes to use Amazon S3. Connect the 
application server to the tape gateway. 
C. Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance. Install and configure a Windows file share role on the 
instance. Connect the application server to the file share. 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Attach the file system to the origin 
server. Connect the application server to the file system. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon FSx has native support for Windows file system features and for the industry-standard 
Server Message Block (SMB) protocol to access file storage over a network. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/WindowsGuide/what-is.html 
 
 
QUESTION 345 
A companys security team requests that network traffic be captured in VPC Flow Logs. The logs 
will be frequently accessed for 90 days and then accessed intermittently. 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements when configuring the logs? 
 
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch as the target. Set the CloudWatch log group with an expiration of 90 
days 
B. Use Amazon Kinesis as the target. Configure the Kinesis stream to always retain the logs for 90 
days. 
C. Use AWS CloudTrail as the target. Configure CloudTrail to save to an Amazon S3 bucket, and 
enable S3 Intelligent-Tiering. 
D. Use Amazon S3 as the target. Enable an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the logs to S3 Standard-
Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 90 days. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/CloudWatchLogsConcepts.html 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
173 
QUESTION 346 
A solutions architect needs to design a system to store client case files. The files are core 
company assets and are important. The number of files will grow over time. 
The files must be simultaneously accessible from multiple application servers that run on Amazon 
EC2 instances. The solution must have built-in redundancy. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
C. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive 
D. AWS Backup 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon EFS provides a simple, scalable, fully managed file system that can be simultaneously 
accessed from multiple EC2 instances and provides built-in redundancy. It is optimized for 
multiple EC2 instances to access the same files, and it is designed to be highly available, 
durable, and secure. It can scale up to petabytes of data and can handle thousands of concurrent 
connections, and is a cost-effective solution for storing and accessing large amounts of data. 
 
 
QUESTION 347 
A solutions architect has created two IAM policies: Policy1 and Policy2. Both policies are 
attached to an IAM group. 
 
 
 
 
 
A cloud engineer is added as an IAM user to the IAM group. Which action will the cloud engineer 
be able to perform? 
 
A. Deleting IAM users 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
174 
B. Deleting directories 
C. Deleting Amazon EC2 instances 
D. Deleting logs from Amazon CloudWatch Logs 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
There is an explicit DENY on deleting directories in the second policy. So the only thing that can 
be deleted is EC2 instances as per the permission in the first policy. 
 
 
QUESTION 348 
A company is reviewing a recent migration of a three-tier application to a VPC. The security team 
discovers that the principle of least privilege is not being applied to Amazon EC2 security group 
ingress and egress rules between the application tiers. 
What should a solutions architect do to correct this issue? 
 
A. Create security group rules using the instance ID as the source or destination. 
B. Create security group rules using the security group ID as the source or destination. 
C. Create security group rules using the VPC CIDR blocks as the source or destination. 
D. Create security group rules using the subnet CIDR blocks as the source or destination. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
The ID of a security group (referred to here as the specified security group). For example, the 
current security group, a security group from the same VPC, or a security group for a peered 
VPC. This allows traffic based on the private IP addresses of the resources associated with the 
specified security group. This does not add rules from the specified security group to the current 
security group. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/security-group-rules.html 
 
 
QUESTION 349 
A solutions architect is implementing a document review application using an Amazon S3 bucket 
for storage. The solution must prevent accidental deletion of the documents and ensure that all 
versions of the documents are available. Users must be able to download, modify, and upload 
documents. 
Which combination of actions should be taken to meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Enable a read-only bucket ACL. 
B. Enable versioning on the bucket. 
C. Attach an IAM policy to the bucket. 
D. Enable MFA Delete on the bucket. 
E. Encrypt the bucket using AWS KMS. 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
To prevent or mitigate future accidental deletions, consider the following features: 
- Enable versioning to keep historical versions of an object. 
- Enable cross-region replication of objects. 
- Enable MFA Delete to require multi-factor authentication (MFA) when deleting an object version. 
 
 
QUESTION 350 
A company is building a solution that will report Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling events across all the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
175 
applications in an AWS account. The company needs to use a serverless solution to store the 
EC2 Auto Scaling status data in Amazon S3. The company then will use the data in Amazon S3 
to provide near-real-time updates in a dashboard. The solution must not affect the speed of EC2 
instance launches. 
How should the company move the data to Amazon S3 to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an Amazon CloudWatch metric stream to send the EC2 Auto Scaling status data to Amazon 
Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3. 
B. Launch an Amazon EMR cluster to collect the EC2 Auto Scaling status data and send the data to 
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3. 
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function on a schedule. 
Configure the Lambda function to send the EC2 Auto Scaling status data directly to Amazon S3. 
D. Use a bootstrap script during the launch of an EC2 instance to install Amazon Kinesis Agent. 
Configure Kinesis Agent to collect the EC2 Auto Scaling status data and send the data to Amazon 
Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can use metric streams to continually stream CloudWatch metrics to a destination of your 
choice, with near-real-time delivery and low latency. One of the use cases is Data Lake: create a 
metric stream and direct it to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that delivers your 
CloudWatch metrics to a data lake such as Amazon S3. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Metric-
Streams.html 
 
 
QUESTION 351 
A company has an application that places hundreds of .csv files into an Amazon S3 bucket every 
hour. The files are 1 GB in size. Each time a file is uploaded, the company needs to convert the 
file to Apache Parquet format and place the output file into an S3 bucket. 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to download the .csv files, convert the files to Parquet format, 
and place the output files in an S3 bucket. Invoke the Lambda function for each S3 PUT event. 
B. Create an Apache Spark job to read the .csv files, convert the files to Parquet format, and place 
the output files in an S3 bucket. Create an AWS Lambda function for each S3 PUT event to 
invoke the Spark job. 
C. Create an AWS Glue table and an AWS Glue crawler for the S3 bucket where the application 
places the .csv files. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically use Amazon Athena to 
query the AWS Glue table, convert the query results into Parquet format, and place the output 
files into an S3 bucket. 
D. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to convert the .csv files to Parquet 
format and place the output files into an S3 bucket. Create an AWS Lambda function for each S3 
PUT event to invoke the ETL job. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/three-aws-glue-etl-job-types-
for-converting-data-to-apache-parquet.html 
 
 
QUESTION 352 
A company is implementing new data retention policies for all databases that run on Amazon 
RDS DB instances. The company must retain daily backups for a minimum period of 2 years. The 
backups must be consistent and restorable. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
176 
Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a backup vault in AWS Backup to retain RDS backups. Create a new backup plan with a 
daily schedule and an expiration period of 2 years after creation. Assign the RDS DB instances to 
the backup plan. 
B. Configure a backup window for the RDS DB instances for daily snapshots. Assign a snapshot 
retention policy of 2 years to each RDS DB instance. Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager 
(Amazon DLM) to schedule snapshot deletions. 
C. Configure database transaction logs to be automatically backed up to Amazon CloudWatch Logs 
with an expiration period of 2 years. 
D. Configure an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication task. Deploy a replication 
instance, and configure a change data capture (CDC) task to stream database changes to 
Amazon S3 as the target. Configure S3 Lifecycle policies to delete the snapshots after 2 years. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 353 
A companys compliance team needs to move its file shares to AWS. The shares run on a 
Windows Server SMB file share. A self-managed on-premises Active Directory controls access to 
the files and folders. 
The company wants to use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server as part of the solution. The 
company must ensure that the on-premises Active Directory groups restrict access to the FSx for 
Windows File Server SMB compliance shares, folders, and files after the move to AWS. The 
company has created an FSx for Windows File Server file system. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Active Directory Connector to connect to the Active Directory. Map the Active Directory 
groups to IAM groups to restrict access. 
B. Assign a tag with a Restrict tag key and a Compliance tag value. Map the Active Directory groups 
to IAM groups to restrict access. 
C. Create an IAM service-linked role that is linked directly to FSx for Windows File Server to restrict 
access. 
D. Join the file system to the Active Directory to restrict access. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Joining the FSx for Windows File Server file system to the on-premises Active Directory will allow 
the company to use the existing Active Directory groups to restrict access to the file shares, 
folders, and files after the move to AWS. This option allows the company to continue using their 
existing access controls and management structure, making the transition to AWS more 
seamless. 
 
 
QUESTION 354 
A company recently announced the deployment of its retail website to a global audience. The 
website runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer. The instances 
run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. 
The company wants to provide its customers with different versions of content based on the 
devices that the customers use to access the website. 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure Amazon CloudFront to cache multiple versions of the content. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
177 
B. Configure a host header in a Network Load Balancer to forward traffic to different instances. 
C. Configure a Lambda@Edge function to send specific objects to users based on the User-Agent 
header. 
D. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). 
Configure the NLB to set up host-based routing to different EC2 instances. 
E. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). 
Configure the NLB to set up path-based routing to different EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/header-caching.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-edge.html 
 
 
QUESTION 355 
A company plans to use Amazon ElastiCache for its multi-tier web application. A solutions 
architect creates a Cache VPC for the ElastiCache cluster and an App VPC for the applications 
Amazon EC2 instances. Both VPCs are in the us-east-1 Region. 
The solutions architect must implement a solution to provide the applications EC2 instances with 
access to the ElastiCache cluster. 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a peering connection between the VPCs. Add a route table entry for the peering 
connection in both VPCs. Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache clusters security group 
to allow inbound connection from the applications security group. 
B. Create a Transit VPC. Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route 
traffic through the Transit VPC. Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache cluster's security 
group to allow inbound connection from the applications security group. 
C. Create a peering connection between the VPCs. Add a route table entry for the peering 
connection in both VPCs. Configure an inbound rule for the peering connections security group to 
allow inbound connection from the applications security group. 
D. Create a Transit VPC. Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route 
traffic through the Transit VPC. Configure an inbound rule for the Transit VPCs security group to 
allow inbound connection from the applications security group. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Creating a peering connection between the VPCs allows the application's EC2 instances to 
communicate with the ElastiCache cluster directly and efficiently. This is the most cost-effective 
solution as it does not involve creating additional resources such as a Transit VPC, and it does 
not incur additional costs for traffic passing through the Transit VPC. Additionally, it is also more 
secure as it allows you to configure a more restrictive security group rule to allow inbound 
connection from only the application's security group. 
 
 
QUESTION 356 
A company is building an application that consists of several microservices. The company has 
decided to use container technologies to deploy its software on AWS. The company needs a 
solution that minimizes the amount of ongoing effort for maintenance and scaling. The company 
cannot manage additional infrastructure. 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
178 
B. Deploy the Kubernetes control plane on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability 
Zones. 
C. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with an Amazon EC2 launch 
type. Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2. 
D. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with a Fargate launch type. 
Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2. 
E. Deploy Kubernetes worker nodes on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability 
Zones. Create a deployment that specifies two or more replicas for each microservice. 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
The question repeatedly says managing infrastructure must not be an option so EC2 is off the 
topic. Also can user fargate with micro services without any issue. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/patterns/deploy-java-microservices-on-
amazon-ecs-using-aws-fargate.html 
 
 
QUESTION 357 
A company has a web application hosted over 10 Amazon EC2 instances with traffic directed by 
Amazon Route 53. The company occasionally experiences a timeout error when attempting to 
browse the application. The networking team finds that some DNS queries return IP addresses of 
unhealthy instances, resulting in the timeout error. 
What should a solutions architect implement to overcome these timeout errors? 
 
A. Create a Route 53 simple routing policy record for each EC2 instance. Associate a health check 
with each record. 
B. Create a Route 53 failover routing policy record for each EC2 instance. Associate a health check 
with each record. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with EC2 instances as its origin. Associate a health 
check with the EC2 instances. 
D. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) with a health check in front of the EC2 instances. 
Route to the ALB from Route 53. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
An Application Load Balancer (ALB) allows you to distribute incoming traffic across multiple 
backend instances, and can automatically route traffic to healthy instances while removing traffic 
from unhealthy instances. By using an ALB in front of the EC2 instances and routing traffic to it 
from Route 53, the load balancer can perform health checks on the instances and only route 
traffic to healthy instances, which should help to reduce or eliminate timeout errors caused by 
unhealthy instances. 
 
 
QUESTION 358 
A solutions architect needs to design a highly available application consisting of web, application, 
and database tiers. HTTPS content delivery should be as close to the edge as possible, with the 
least delivery time. 
Which solution meets these requirements and is MOST secure? 
 
A. Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 
instances in public subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the 
public ALB as the origin. 
B. Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in 
private subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the EC2 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
179 
instances as the origin. 
C. Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 
instances in private subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the 
public ALB as the origin. 
D. Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in 
public subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the EC2 instances 
as the origin. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
This solution meets the requirements for a highly available application with web, application, and 
database tiers, as well as providing edge-based content delivery. Additionally, it maximizes 
security by having the ALB in a private subnet, which limits direct access to the web servers, 
while still being able to serve traffic over the Internet via the public ALB. This will ensure that the 
web servers are not exposed to the public Internet, which reduces the attack surface and 
provides a secure way to access the application. 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/public-load-balancer-private-ec2/ 
 
 
QUESTION 359 
A company has a popular gaming platform running on AWS. The application is sensitive to 
latency because latency can impact the user experience and introduce unfair advantages to 
some players. The application is deployed in every AWS Region. It runs on Amazon EC2 
instances that are part of Auto Scaling groups configured behind Application Load Balancers 
(ALBs). A solutions architect needs to implement a mechanism to monitor the health of the 
application and redirect traffic to healthy endpoints. 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Add a listener for the port that the 
application listens on, and attach it to a Regional endpoint in each Region. Add the ALB as the 
endpoint. 
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and specify the ALB as the origin server. Configure the 
cache behavior to use origin cache headers. Use AWS Lambda functions to optimize the traffic. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and specify Amazon S3 as the origin server. Configure 
the cache behavior to use origin cache headers. Use AWS Lambda functions to optimize the 
traffic. 
D. Configure an Amazon DynamoDB database to serve as the data store for the application. Create 
a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster to act as the in-memory cache for DynamoDB hosting the 
application data. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
When you have an Application Load Balancer or Network Load Balancer that includes multiple 
target groups, Global Accelerator considers the load balancer endpoint to be healthy only if each 
target group behind the load balancer has at least one healthy target. If any single target group 
for the load balancer has only unhealthy targets, Global Accelerator considers the endpoint to be 
unhealthy. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/latest/dg/about-endpoint-groups-health-check-
options.html 
 
 
QUESTION 360 
A company has one million users that use its mobile app. The company must analyze the data 
usage in near-real time. The company also must encrypt the data in near-real time and must 
store the data in a centralized location in Apache Parquet format for further processing. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
180 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Kinesis data stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon 
Kinesis Data Analytics application to analyze the data. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to send 
the data to the Kinesis Data Analytics application. 
B. Create an Amazon Kinesis data stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon EMR 
cluster to analyze the data. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to send the data to the EMR cluster. 
C. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create 
an Amazon EMR cluster to analyze the data. 
D. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create 
an Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics application to analyze the data. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
This solution will meet the requirements with the least operational overhead as it uses Amazon 
Kinesis Data Firehose, which is a fully managed service that can automatically handle the data 
collection, data transformation, encryption, and data storage in near-real time. Kinesis Data 
Firehose can automatically store the data in Amazon S3 in Apache Parquet format for further 
processing. Additionally, it allows you to create an Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics application to 
analyze the data in near real-time, with no need to manage any infrastructure or invoke any 
Lambda function. This way you can process a large amount of data with the least operational 
overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 361 
An ecommerce company has noticed performance degradation of its Amazon RDS based web 
application. The performance degradation is attributed to an increase in the number of read-only 
SQL queries triggered by business analysts. A solutions architect needs to solve the problem with 
minimal changes to the existing web application. 
What should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Export the data to Amazon DynamoDB and have the business analysts run their queries. 
B. Load the data into Amazon ElastiCache and have the business analysts run their queries. 
C. Create a read replica of the primary database and have the business analysts run their queries. 
D. Copy the data into an Amazon Redshift cluster and have the business analysts run their queries. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Creating a read replica of the primary RDS database will offload the read-only SQL queries from 
the primary database, which will help to improve the performance of the web application. Read 
replicas are exact copies of the primary database that can be used to handle read-only traffic, 
which will reduce the load on the primary database and improve the performance of the web 
application. This solution can be implemented with minimal changes to the existing web 
application, as the business analysts can continue to run their queries on the read replica without 
modifying the code. 
 
 
QUESTION 362 
A company runs an internal browser-based application. The application runs on Amazon EC2 
instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto 
Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group scales up to 20 
instances during work hours, but scales down to 2 instances overnight. Staff are complaining that 
the application is very slow when the day begins, although it runs well by mid-morning. 
 
How should the scaling be changed to address the staff complaints and keep costs to a 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
181 
minimum? 
 
A. Implement a scheduled action that sets the desired capacity to 20 shortly before the office opens. 
B. Implement a step scaling action triggered at a lower CPU threshold, and decrease the cooldown 
period. 
C. Implement a target tracking action triggered at a lower CPU threshold, and decrease the 
cooldown period. 
D. Implement a scheduled action that sets the minimum and maximum capacity to 20 shortly before 
the office opens. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 363 
A company has a multi-tier application deployed on several Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto 
Scaling group. An Amazon RDS for Oracle instance is the application' s data layer that uses 
Oracle-specific PL/SQL functions. Traffic to the application has been steadily increasing. This is 
causing the EC2 instances to become overloaded and the RDS instance to run out of storage. 
The Auto Scaling group does not have any scaling metrics and defines the minimum healthy 
instance count only. The company predicts that traffic will continue to increase at a steady but 
unpredictable rate before leveling off. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to ensure the system can automatically scale for the 
increased traffic? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure storage Auto Scaling on the RDS for Oracle instance. 
B. Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora to use Auto Scaling storage. 
C. Configure an alarm on the RDS for Oracle instance for low free storage space. 
D. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the average CPU as the scaling metric. 
E. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the average free memory as the scaling metric. 
 
Answer: AD 
 
 
QUESTION 364 
A company provides an online service for posting video content and transcoding it for use by any 
mobile platform. The application architecture uses Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
Standard to collect and store the videos so that multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances can access 
the video content for processing. As the popularity of the service has grown over time, the 
storage costs have become too expensive. 
 
Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective? 
 
A. Use AWS Storage Gateway for files to store and process the video content. 
B. Use AWS Storage Gateway for volumes to store and process the video content. 
C. Use Amazon EFS for storing the video content. Once processing is complete, transfer the files to 
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS). 
D. Use Amazon S3 for storing the video content. Move the files temporarily over to an Amazon 
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume attached to the server for processing. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
A better solution would be to use a transcoding service like Amazon Elastic Transcoder to 
process the video content directly from Amazon S3. This would eliminate the need for storing the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
182 
content on an EBS volume, reduce storage costs, and simplify the architecture by removing the 
need for managing EBS volumes. 
 
 
QUESTION 365 
A company wants to create an application to store employee data in a hierarchical structured 
relationship. The company needs a minimum-latency response to high-traffic queries for the 
employee data and must protect any sensitive data. The company also needs to receive monthly 
email messages if any financial information is present in the employee data. 
 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Use Amazon Redshift to store the employee data in hierarchies. Unload the data to Amazon S3 
every month. 
B. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store the employee data in hierarchies. Export the data to Amazon 
S3 every month. 
C. Configure Amazon Macie for the AWS account. Integrate Macie with Amazon EventBridge to 
send monthly events to AWS Lambda. 
D. Use Amazon Athena to analyze the employee data in Amazon S3. Integrate Athena with Amazon 
QuickSight to publish analysis dashboards and share the dashboards with users. 
E. Configure Amazon Macie for the AWS account. Integrate Macie with Amazon EventBridge to 
send monthly notifications through an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 
subscription. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 366 
A company has an application that is backed by an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company's 
compliance requirements specify that database backups must be taken every month, must be 
available for 6 months, and must be retained for 7 years. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS Backup plan to back up the DynamoDB table on the first day of each month. 
Specify a lifecycle policy that transitions the backup to cold storage after 6 months. Set the 
retention period for each backup to 7 years. 
B. Create a DynamoDB on-demand backup of the DynamoDB table on the first day of each month. 
Transition the backup to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 6 months. Create an S3 
Lifecycle policy to delete backups that are older than 7 years. 
C. Use the AWS SDK to develop a script that creates an on-demand backup of the DynamoDB 
table. Set up an Amazon EventBridge rule that runs the script on the first day of each month. 
Create a second script that will run on the second day of each month to transition DynamoDB 
backups that are older than 6 months to cold storage and to delete backups that are older than 7 
years. 
D. Use the AWS CLI to create an on-demand backup of the DynamoDB table. Set up an Amazon 
EventBridge rule that runs the command on the first day of each month with a cron expression. 
Specify in the command to transition the backups to cold storage after 6 months and to delete the 
backups after 7 years. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
183 
QUESTION 367 
A company is using Amazon CloudFront with its website. The company has enabled logging on 
the CloudFront distribution, and logs are saved in one of the company's Amazon S3 buckets. The 
company needs to perform advanced analyses on the logs and build visualizations. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon Athena to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 bucket. 
Visualize the results with AWS Glue. 
B. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon Athena to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 bucket. 
Visualize the results with Amazon QuickSight. 
C. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon DynamoDB to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 
bucket. Visualize the results with AWS Glue. 
D. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon DynamoDB to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 
bucket. Visualize the results with Amazon QuickSight. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Quicksite creating data visualizations. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/quicksight/latest/user/welcome.html 
 
 
QUESTION 368 
A company runs a fleet of web servers using an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. After 
a routine compliance check, the company sets a standard that requires a recovery point objective 
(RPO) of less than 1 second for all its production databases. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Enable a Multi-AZ deployment for the DB instance. 
B. Enable auto scaling for the DB instance in one Availability Zone. 
C. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and create multiple read replicas in a 
separate Availability Zone. 
D. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and configure AWS Database Migration 
Service (AWS DMS) change data capture (CDC) tasks. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By using Multi-AZ deployment, the company can achieve an RPO of less than 1 second because 
the standby instance is always in sync with the primary instance, ensuring that data changes are 
continuously replicated. 
 
 
QUESTION 369 
A company runs a web application that is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances in the private 
subnet of a VPC. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) that extends across the public subnets 
directs web traffic to the EC2 instances. The company wants to implement new security 
measures to restrict inbound traffic from the ALB to the EC2 instances while preventing access 
from any other source inside or outside the private subnet of the EC2 instances. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure a route in a route table to direct traffic from the internet to the private IP addresses of 
the EC2 instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
184 
B. Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to only allow traffic that comes from the 
security group for the ALB. 
C. Move the EC2 instances into the public subnet. Give the EC2 instances a set of Elastic IP 
addresses. 
D. Configure the security group for the ALB to allow any TCP traffic on any port. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
This ensures that only the traffic originating from the ALB is allowed access to the EC2 instances 
in the private subnet, while denying any other traffic from other sources. 
 
 
QUESTION 370 
A research company runs experiments that are powered by a simulation application and a 
visualization application. The simulation application runs on Linux and outputs intermediate data 
to an NFS share every 5 minutes. The visualization application is a Windows desktop application 
that displays the simulation output and requires an SMB file system. 
 
The company maintains two synchronized file systems. This strategy is causing data duplication 
and inefficient resource usage. The company needs to migrate the applications to AWS without 
making code changes to either application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate both applications to AWS Lambda. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to exchange data 
between the applications. 
B. Migrate both applications to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure 
Amazon FSx File Gateway for storage. 
C. Migrate the simulation application to Linux Amazon EC2 instances. Migrate the visualization 
application to Windows EC2 instances. Configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
to exchange data between the applications. 
D. Migrate the simulation application to Linux Amazon EC2 instances. Migrate the visualization 
application to Windows EC2 instances. Configure Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP for storage. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP is a fully-managed shared storage service built on NetApp's 
popular ONTAP file system. Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP provides the popular features, 
performance, and APIs of ONTAP file systems with the agility, scalability, and simplicity of a fully 
managed AWS service, making it easier for customers to migrate on-premises applications that 
rely on NAS appliances to AWS. FSx for ONTAP file systems are similar to on-premises NetApp 
clusters. Within each file system that you create, you also create one or more storage virtual 
machines (SVMs). These are isolated file servers each with their own endpoints for NFS, SMB, 
and management access, as well as authentication (for both administration and end-user data 
access). In turn, each SVM has one or more volumes which store your data. 
https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/storage/getting-started-cloud-file-storage-with-amazon-fsx-for-
netapp-ontap-using-netapp-management-tools/ 
 
 
QUESTION 371 
As part of budget planning, management wants a report of AWS billed items listed by user. The 
data will be used to create department budgets. A solutions architect needs to determine the 
most efficient way to obtain this report information. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
185 
 
A. Run a query with Amazon Athena to generate the report. 
B. Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the report. 
C. Access the bill details from the billing dashboard and download the bill. 
D. Modify a cost budget in AWS Budgets to alert with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES). 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 372 
A company hosts its static website by using Amazon S3. The company wants to add a contact 
form to its webpage. The contact form will have dynamic server-side components for users to 
input their name, email address, phone number, and user message. The company anticipates 
that there will be fewer than 100 site visits each month. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Host a dynamic contact form page in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Set up 
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to connect to any third-party email provider. 
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint with an AWS Lambda backend that makes a call to 
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES). 
C. Convert the static webpage to dynamic by deploying Amazon Lightsail. Use client-side scripting to 
build the contact form. Integrate the form with Amazon WorkMail. 
D. Create a t2.micro Amazon EC2 instance. Deploy a LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, 
PHP/Perl/Python) stack to host the webpage. Use client-side scripting to build the contact form. 
Integrate the form with Amazon WorkMail. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/architecture/create-dynamic-contact-forms-for-s3-static-websites-
using-aws-lambda-amazon-api-gateway-and-amazon-ses/ 
 
 
QUESTION 373 
A company has a static website that is hosted on Amazon CloudFront in front of Amazon S3. The 
static website uses a database backend. The company notices that the website does not reflect 
updates that have been made in the website's Git repository. The company checks the 
continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipeline between the Git repository and 
Amazon S3. The company verifies that the webhooks are configured properly and that the CI/CD 
pipeline is sending messages that indicate successful deployments. 
 
A solutions architect needs to implement a solution that displays the updates on the website. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Add an Application Load Balancer. 
B. Add Amazon ElastiCache for Redis or Memcached to the database layer of the web application. 
C. Invalidate the CloudFront cache. 
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to validate the website's SSL certificate. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Invalidate the CloudFront cache: The solutions architect should invalidate the CloudFront cache 
to ensure that the latest version of the website is being served to users. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
186 
 
 
QUESTION 374 
A company wants to migrate a Windows-based application from on premises to the AWS Cloud. 
The application has three tiers: an application tier, a business tier, and a database tier with 
Microsoft SQL Server. The company wants to use specific features of SQL Server such as native 
backups and Data Quality Services. The company also needs to share files for processing 
between the tiers. 
 
How should a solutions architect design the architecture to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Host all three tiers on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Amazon FSx File Gateway for file sharing 
between the tiers. 
B. Host all three tiers on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server for file 
sharing between the tiers. 
C. Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier 
on Amazon RDS. Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) for file sharing between the 
tiers. 
D. Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier 
on Amazon RDS. Use a Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volume for file sharing between the tiers. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Data Quality Services: If this feature is critical to your workload, consider choosing Amazon RDS 
Custom or Amazon EC2. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/migration-sql-server/comparison.html 
 
 
QUESTION 375 
A company is migrating a Linux-based web server group to AWS. The web servers must access 
files in a shared file store for some content. The company must not make any changes to the 
application. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 Standard bucket with access to the web servers. 
B. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin. 
C. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system on 
all web servers. 
D. Configure a General Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. 
Mount the EBS volume to all web servers. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. 
Mount the EFS file system on all web servers. 
To meet the requirements of providing a shared file store for Linux-based web servers without 
making changes to the application, using an Amazon EFS file system is the best solution. 
Amazon EFS is a managed NFS file system service that provides shared access to files across 
multiple Linux-based instances, which makes it suitable for this use case. 
Amazon S3 is not ideal for this scenario since it is an object storage service and not a file system, 
and it requires additional tools or libraries to mount the S3 bucket as a file system. 
Amazon CloudFront can be used to improve content delivery performance but is not necessary 
for this requirement. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
187 
Additionally, Amazon EBS volumes can only be mounted to one instance at a time, so it is not 
suitable for sharing files across multiple instances. 
 
 
QUESTION 376 
A company has an AWS Lambda function that needs read access to an Amazon S3 bucket that 
is located in the same AWS account. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure manner? 
 
A. Apply an S3 bucket policy that grants read access to the S3 bucket. 
B. Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function. Apply an IAM policy to the role to grant read access to 
the S3 bucket. 
C. Embed an access key and a secret key in the Lambda function's code to grant the required IAM 
permissions for read access to the S3 bucket. 
D. Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function. Apply an IAM policy to the role to grant read access to 
all S3 buckets in the account. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
This is the most secure and recommended way to provide an AWS Lambda function with access 
to an S3 bucket. It involves creating an IAM role that the Lambda function assumes, and 
attaching an IAM policy to the role that grants the necessary permissions to read from the S3 
bucket. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-permissions.html 
 
 
QUESTION 377 
A company hosts a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are 
in an Auto Scaling group that scales in response to user demand. The company wants to 
optimize cost savings without making a long-term commitment. 
 
Which EC2 instance purchasing option should a solutions architect recommend to meet these 
requirements? 
 
A. Dedicated Instances only 
B. On-Demand Instances only 
C. A mix of On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances 
D. A mix of On-Demand Instances and Reserved Instances 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-mixed-instances-
groups.html 
 
 
QUESTION 378 
A media company uses Amazon CloudFront for its publicly available streaming video content. 
The company wants to secure the video content that is hosted in Amazon S3 by controlling who 
has access. Some of the company's users are using a custom HTTP client that does not support 
cookies. Some of the company's users are unable to change the hardcoded URLs that they are 
using for access. 
 
Which services or methods will meet these requirements with the LEAST impact to the users? 
(Choose two.) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
188 
 
A. Signed cookies 
B. Signed URLs 
C. AWS AppSync 
D. JSON Web Token (JWT) 
E. AWS Secrets Manager 
 
Answer: AB 
Explanation: 
Signed URLs are URLs that grant temporary access to an S3 object. They include a signature 
that verifies the authenticity of the request, as well as an expiration date that limits the time during 
which the URL is valid. This solution will work for users who are using custom HTTP clients that 
do not support cookies. 
Signed cookies are similar to signed URLs, but they use cookies to grant temporary access to S3 
objects. This solution will work for users who are unable to change the hardcoded URLs that they 
are using for access. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/media/secure-content-using-cloudfront-functions/ 
 
 
QUESTION 379 
A company is preparing a new data platform that will ingest real-time streaming data from multiple 
sources. The company needs to transform the data before writing the data to Amazon S3. The 
company needs the ability to use SQL to query the transformed data. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to 
transform the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to write the data to Amazon S3. Use 
Amazon Athena to query the transformed data from Amazon S3. 
B. Use Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) to stream the data. Use AWS 
Glue to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the 
transformed data from Amazon S3. 
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to ingest the data. Use Amazon EMR to 
transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the 
transformed data from Amazon S3. 
D. Use Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) to stream the data. Use 
Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use the 
Amazon RDS query editor to query the transformed data from Amazon S3. 
E. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the data. Use AWS Glue to transform the data. Use 
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to write the data to Amazon S3. Use the Amazon RDS query 
editor to query the transformed data from Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: AB 
 
 
QUESTION 380 
A company has an on-premises volume backup solution that has reached its end of life. The 
company wants to use AWS as part of a new backup solution and wants to maintain local access 
to all the data while it is backed up on AWS. The company wants to ensure that the data backed 
up on AWS is automatically and securely transferred. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Snowball to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. Configure on-

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
189 
premises systems to mount the Snowball S3 endpoint to provide local access to the data. 
B. Use AWS Snowball Edge to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. Use the 
Snowball Edge file interface to provide on-premises systems with local access to the data. 
C. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a cached volume gateway. Run the Storage Gateway 
software appliance on premises and configure a percentage of data to cache locally. Mount the 
gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data. 
D. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a stored volume gateway. Run the Storage Gateway 
software appliance on premises and map the gateway storage volumes to on-premises storage. 
Mount the gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
In the cached mode, your primary data is written to S3, while retaining your frequently accessed 
data locally in a cache for low-latency access. 
In the stored mode, your primary data is stored locally and your entire dataset is available for low-
latency access while asynchronously backed up to AWS. 
 
 
QUESTION 381 
An application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances needs to access an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Traffic must not traverse the internet. 
 
How should a solutions architect configure access to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a private hosted zone by using Amazon Route 53. 
B. Set up a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC. 
C. Configure the EC2 instances to use a NAT gateway to access the S3 bucket. 
D. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the VPC and the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 382 
An ecommerce company stores terabytes of customer data in the AWS Cloud. The data contains 
personally identifiable information (PII). The company wants to use the data in three applications. 
Only one of the applications needs to process the PII. The PII must be removed before the other 
two applications process the data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Store the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Create a proxy application layer to intercept and 
process the data that each application requests. 
B. Store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. Process and transform the data by using S3 Object 
Lambda before returning the data to the requesting application. 
C. Process the data and store the transformed data in three separate Amazon S3 buckets so that 
each application has its own custom dataset. Point each application to its respective S3 bucket. 
D. Process the data and store the transformed data in three separate Amazon DynamoDB tables so 
that each application has its own custom dataset. Point each application to its respective 
DynamoDB table. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 Object Lambda allows you to add custom code to S3 GET requests, which means 
that you can modify the data before it is returned to the requesting application. In this case, you 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
190 
can use S3 Object Lambda to remove the PII before the data is returned to the two applications 
that do not need to process PII. This approach has the least operational overhead because it 
does not require creating separate datasets or proxy application layers, and it allows you to 
maintain a single copy of the data in an S3 bucket. 
https://aws.amazon.com/ko/blogs/korea/introducing-amazon-s3-object-lambda-use-your-code-to-
process-data-as-it-is-being-retrieved-from-s3/ 
 
 
QUESTION 383 
A development team has launched a new application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances 
inside a development VPC. A solutions architect needs to create a new VPC in the same 
account. The new VPC will be peered with the development VPC. The VPC CIDR block for the 
development VPC is 192.168.0.0/24. The solutions architect needs to create a CIDR block for the 
new VPC. The CIDR block must be valid for a VPC peering connection to the development VPC. 
 
What is the SMALLEST CIDR block that meets these requirements? 
 
A. 10.0.1.0/32 
B. 192.168.0.0/24 
C. 192.168.1.0/32 
D. 10.0.1.0/24 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The allowed block size is between a /28 netmask and /16 netmask. 
The CIDR block must not overlap with any existing CIDR block that's associated with the VPC. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/configure-your-vpc.html 
 
 
QUESTION 384 
A company deploys an application on five Amazon EC2 instances. An Application Load Balancer 
(ALB) distributes traffic to the instances by using a target group. The average CPU usage on 
each of the instances is below 10% most of the time, with occasional surges to 65%. 
 
A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to automate the scalability of the application. 
The solution must optimize the cost of the architecture and must ensure that the application has 
enough CPU resources when surges occur. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that enters the ALARM state when the CPUUtilization 
metric is less than 20%. Create an AWS Lambda function that the CloudWatch alarm invokes to 
terminate one of the EC2 instances in the ALB target group. 
B. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Select the existing ALB as the load balancer and the existing 
target group as the target group. Set a target tracking scaling policy that is based on the 
ASGAverageCPUUtilization metric. Set the minimum instances to 2, the desired capacity to 3, the 
maximum instances to 6, and the target value to 50%. Add the EC2 instances to the Auto Scaling 
group. 
C. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Select the existing ALB as the load balancer and the existing 
target group as the target group. Set the minimum instances to 2, the desired capacity to 3, and 
the maximum instances to 6. Add the EC2 instances to the Auto Scaling group. 
D. Create two Amazon CloudWatch alarms. Configure the first CloudWatch alarm to enter the 
ALARM state when the average CPUUtilization metric is below 20%. Configure the second 
CloudWatch alarm to enter the ALARM state when the average CPUUtilization matric is above 
50%. Configure the alarms to publish to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
191 
topic to send an email message. After receiving the message, log in to decrease or increase the 
number of EC2 instances that are running. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
It allows for automatic scaling based on the average CPU utilization of the EC2 instances in the 
target group. With the use of a target tracking scaling policy based on the 
ASGAverageCPUUtilization metric, the EC2 Auto Scaling group can ensure that the target value 
of 50% is maintained while scaling the number of instances in the group up or down as needed. 
This will help ensure that the application has enough CPU resources during surges without 
overprovisioning, thus optimizing the cost of the architecture. 
 
 
QUESTION 385 
A company is running a critical business application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an 
Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group and access an 
Amazon RDS DB instance. 
 
The design did not pass an operational review because the EC2 instances and the DB instance 
are all located in a single Availability Zone. A solutions architect must update the design to use a 
second Availability Zone. 
 
Which solution will make the application highly available? 
 
A. Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the 
EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance with connections to 
each network. 
B. Provision two subnets that extend across both Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling 
group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance 
with connections to each network. 
C. Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the 
EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance for Multi-AZ 
deployment. 
D. Provision a subnet that extends across both Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling group 
to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance for 
Multi-AZ deployment. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
A subnet must reside within a single Availability Zone. 
https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/faqs/#:~:text=Can%20a%20subnet%20span%20Availability,within%
20a%20single%20Availability%20Zone. 
 
 
QUESTION 386 
A research laboratory needs to process approximately 8 TB of data. The laboratory requires sub-
millisecond latencies and a minimum throughput of 6 GBps for the storage subsystem. Hundreds 
of Amazon EC2 instances that run Amazon Linux will distribute and process the data. 
 
Which solution will meet the performance requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system. Sat each volume' tiering policy to ALL. 
Import the raw data into the file system. Mount the fila system on the EC2 instances. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system 
that uses persistent SSD storage. Select the option to import data from and export data to 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
192 
Amazon S3. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system 
that uses persistent HDD storage. Select the option to import data from and export data to 
Amazon S3. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances. 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system. Set each volume's tiering policy to NONE. 
Import the raw data into the file system. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system 
that uses persistent SSD storage Select the option to import data from and export data to 
Amazon S3 Mount the file system on the EC2 instances. Amazon FSx for Lustre uses SSD 
storage for sub-millisecond latencies and up to 6 GBps throughput, and can import data from and 
export data to Amazon S3. Additionally, the option to select persistent SSD storage will ensure 
that the data is stored on the disk and not lost if the file system is stopped. 
 
 
QUESTION 387 
A company needs to migrate a legacy application from an on-premises data center to the AWS 
Cloud because of hardware capacity constraints. The application runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a 
week. The application's database storage continues to grow over time. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to 
Amazon S3. 
B. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Migrate the data storage layer 
to Amazon RDS On-Demand Instances. 
C. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Migrate the data storage layer 
to Amazon Aurora Reserved Instances. 
D. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. Migrate the data storage 
layer to Amazon RDS Reserved Instances. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.AuroraMySQL.html 
 
 
QUESTION 388 
A university research laboratory needs to migrate 30 TB of data from an on-premises Windows 
file server to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. The laboratory has a 1 Gbps network link that 
many other departments in the university share. 
 
The laboratory wants to implement a data migration service that will maximize the performance of 
the data transfer. However, the laboratory needs to be able to control the amount of bandwidth 
that the service uses to minimize the impact on other departments. The data migration must take 
place within the next 5 days. 
 
Which AWS solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. AWS Snowcone 
B. Amazon FSx File Gateway 
C. AWS DataSync 
D. AWS Transfer Family 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
193 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
DataSync can be used to migrate data between on-premises Windows file servers and Amazon 
FSx for Windows File Server with its compatibility for Windows file systems. 
The laboratory needs to migrate a large amount of data (30 TB) within a relatively short timeframe 
(5 days) and limit the impact on other departments' network traffic. Therefore, AWS DataSync 
can meet these requirements by providing fast and efficient data transfer with network throttling 
capability to control bandwidth usage. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/datasync/latest/userguide/configure-bandwidth.html 
 
 
QUESTION 389 
A company wants to create a mobile app that allows users to stream slow-motion video clips on 
their mobile devices. Currently, the app captures video clips and uploads the video clips in raw 
format into an Amazon S3 bucket. The app retrieves these video clips directly from the S3 bucket. 
However, the videos are large in their raw format. 
 
Users are experiencing issues with buffering and playback on mobile devices. The company 
wants to implement solutions to maximize the performance and scalability of the app while 
minimizing operational overhead. 
 
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Deploy Amazon CloudFront for content delivery and caching. 
B. Use AWS DataSync to replicate the video files across AW'S Regions in other S3 buckets. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Transcoder to convert the video files to more appropriate formats. 
D. Deploy an Auto Sealing group of Amazon EC2 instances in Local Zones for content delivery and 
caching. 
E. Deploy an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to convert the video files to more 
appropriate formats. 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/elastictranscoder/ 
 
 
QUESTION 390 
A company is launching a new application deployed on an Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) cluster and is using the Fargate launch type for ECS tasks. The company is 
monitoring CPU and memory usage because it is expecting high traffic to the application upon its 
launch. However, the company wants to reduce costs when utilization decreases. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale at certain periods based on previous traffic patterns. 
B. Use an AWS Lambda function to scale Amazon ECS based on metric breaches that trigger an 
Amazon CloudWatch alarm. 
C. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling with simple scaling policies to scale when ECS metric breaches 
trigger an Amazon CloudWatch alarm. 
D. Use AWS Application Auto Scaling with target tracking policies to scale when ECS metric 
breaches trigger an Amazon CloudWatch alarm. 
 
Answer: D 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
194 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/application/userguide/what-is-application-auto-
scaling.html 
 
 
QUESTION 391 
A company recently created a disaster recovery site in a different AWS Region. The company 
needs to transfer large amounts of data back and forth between NFS file systems in the two 
Regions on a periodic basis. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync. 
B. Use AWS Snowball devices. 
C. Set up an SFTP server on Amazon EC2. 
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS DataSync is a fully managed data transfer service that simplifies moving large amounts of 
data between on-premises storage systems and AWS services. It can also transfer data between 
different AWS services, including different AWS Regions. DataSync provides a simple, scalable, 
and automated solution to transfer data, and it minimizes the operational overhead because it is 
fully managed by AWS. 
 
 
QUESTION 392 
A company uses Amazon API Gateway to run a private gateway with two REST APIs in the same 
VPC. The BuyStock RESTful web service calls the CheckFunds RESTful web service to ensure 
that enough funds are available before a stock can be purchased. The company has noticed in 
the VPC flow logs that the BuyStock RESTful web service calls the CheckFunds RESTful web 
service over the internet instead of through the VPC. A solutions architect must implement a 
solution so that the APIs communicate through the VPC. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the code? 
 
A. Add an X-API-Key header in the HTTP header for authorization. 
B. Use an interface endpoint. 
C. Use a gateway endpoint. 
D. Add an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue between the two REST APIs. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
An interface endpoint is a horizontally scaled, redundant VPC endpoint that provides private 
connectivity to a service. It is an elastic network interface with a private IP address that serves as 
an entry point for traffic destined to the AWS service. Interface endpoints are used to connect 
VPCs with AWS services. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-private-apis.html 
 
 
QUESTION 393 
A company wants to run an in-memory database for a latency-sensitive application that runs on 
Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes more than 100,000 transactions each minute 
and requires high network throughput. A solutions architect needs to provide a cost-effective 
network design that minimizes data transfer charges. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
195 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Launch all EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone within the same AWS Region. Specify a 
placement group with cluster strategy when launching EC2 instances. 
B. Launch all EC2 instances in different Availability Zones within the same AWS Region. Specify a 
placement group with partition strategy when launching EC2 instances. 
C. Deploy an Auto Scaling group to launch EC2 instances in different Availability Zones based on a 
network utilization target. 
D. Deploy an Auto Scaling group with a step scaling policy to launch EC2 instances in different 
Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
To achieve low latency, high throughput, and cost-effectiveness, the optimal solution is to launch 
EC2 instances as a placement group with the cluster strategy within the same Availability Zone. 
 
 
QUESTION 394 
A company that primarily runs its application servers on premises has decided to migrate to AWS. 
The company wants to minimize its need to scale its Internet Small Computer Systems Interface 
(iSCSI) storage on premises. The company wants only its recently accessed data to remain 
stored locally. 
 
Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon S3 File Gateway 
B. AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway 
C. AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway stored volumes 
D. AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway cached volumes 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway provides two configurations for connecting to iSCSI 
storage, namely, stored volumes and cached volumes. The stored volume configuration stores 
the entire data set on-premises and asynchronously backs up the data to AWS. The cached 
volume configuration stores recently accessed data on-premises, and the remaining data is 
stored in Amazon S3. 
Since the company wants only its recently accessed data to remain stored locally, the cached 
volume configuration would be the most appropriate. It allows the company to keep frequently 
accessed data on-premises and reduce the need for scaling its iSCSI storage while still providing 
access to all data through the AWS cloud. This configuration also provides low-latency access to 
frequently accessed data and cost-effective off-site backups for less frequently accessed data. 
https://docs.amazonaws.cn/en_us/storagegateway/latest/vgw/StorageGatewayConcepts.html#sto
rage-gateway-cached-concepts 
 
 
QUESTION 395 
A company has multiple AWS accounts that use consolidated billing. The company runs several 
active high performance Amazon RDS for Oracle On-Demand DB instances for 90 days. The 
company's finance team has access to AWS Trusted Advisor in the consolidated billing account 
and all other AWS accounts. 
 
The finance team needs to use the appropriate AWS account to access the Trusted Advisor 
check recommendations for RDS. The finance team must review the appropriate Trusted Advisor 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
196 
check to reduce RDS costs. 
 
Which combination of steps should the finance team take to meet these requirements? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations from the account where the RDS instances are 
running. 
B. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations from the consolidated billing account to see all RDS 
instance checks at the same time. 
C. Review the Trusted Advisor check for Amazon RDS Reserved Instance Optimization. 
D. Review the Trusted Advisor check for Amazon RDS Idle DB Instances. 
E. Review the Trusted Advisor check for Amazon Redshift Reserved Node Optimization. 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/trusted-advisor-cost-optimization/ 
 
 
QUESTION 396 
A solutions architect needs to optimize storage costs. The solutions architect must identify any 
Amazon S3 buckets that are no longer being accessed or are rarely accessed. 
 
Which solution will accomplish this goal with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Analyze bucket access patterns by using the S3 Storage Lens dashboard for advanced activity 
metrics. 
B. Analyze bucket access patterns by using the S3 dashboard in the AWS Management Console. 
C. Turn on the Amazon CloudWatch BucketSizeBytes metric for buckets. Analyze bucket access 
patterns by using the metrics data with Amazon Athena. 
D. Turn on AWS CloudTrail for S3 object monitoring. Analyze bucket access patterns by using 
CloudTrail logs that are integrated with Amazon CloudWatch Logs. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
S3 Storage Lens is a fully managed S3 storage analytics solution that provides a comprehensive 
view of object storage usage, activity trends, and recommendations to optimize costs. Storage 
Lens allows you to analyze object access patterns across all of your S3 buckets and generate 
detailed metrics and reports. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/s3-storage-lens/ 
 
 
QUESTION 397 
A company sells datasets to customers who do research in artificial intelligence and machine 
learning (AI/ML). The datasets are large, formatted files that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket 
in the us-east-1 Region. The company hosts a web application that the customers use to 
purchase access to a given dataset. The web application is deployed on multiple Amazon EC2 
instances behind an Application Load Balancer. After a purchase is made, customers receive an 
S3 signed URL that allows access to the files. 
 
The customers are distributed across North America and Europe. The company wants to reduce 
the cost that is associated with data transfers and wants to maintain or improve performance. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
197 
A. Configure S3 Transfer Acceleration on the existing S3 bucket. Direct customer requests to the S3 
Transfer Acceleration endpoint. Continue to use S3 signed URLs for access control. 
B. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the existing S3 bucket as the origin. Direct 
customer requests to the CloudFront URL. Switch to CloudFront signed URLs for access control. 
C. Set up a second S3 bucket in the eu-central-1 Region with S3 Cross-Region Replication between 
the buckets. Direct customer requests to the closest Region. Continue to use S3 signed URLs for 
access control. 
D. Modify the web application to enable streaming of the datasets to end users. Configure the web 
application to read the data from the existing S3 bucket. Implement access control directly in the 
application. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
To reduce the cost associated with data transfers and maintain or improve performance, a 
solutions architect should use Amazon CloudFront, a content delivery network (CDN) service that 
securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency and 
high transfer speeds. 
Deploying a CloudFront distribution with the existing S3 bucket as the origin will allow the 
company to serve the data to customers from edge locations that are closer to them, reducing 
data transfer costs and improving performance. 
Directing customer requests to the CloudFront URL and switching to CloudFront signed URLs for 
access control will enable customers to access the data securely and efficiently. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/PrivateContent.html 
 
 
QUESTION 398 
A company is using AWS to design a web application that will process insurance quotes. Users 
will request quotes from the application. Quotes must be separated by quote type, must be 
responded to within 24 hours, and must not get lost. The solution must maximize operational 
efficiency and must minimize maintenance. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create multiple Amazon Kinesis data streams based on the quote type. Configure the web 
application to send messages to the proper data stream. Configure each backend group of 
application servers to use the Kinesis Client Library (KCL) to pool messages from its own data 
stream. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function and an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 
topic for each quote type. Subscribe the Lambda function to its associated SNS topic. Configure 
the application to publish requests for quotes to the appropriate SNS topic. 
C. Create a single Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe Amazon 
Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues to the SNS topic. Configure SNS message filtering 
to publish messages to the proper SQS queue based on the quote type. Configure each backend 
application server to use its own SQS queue. 
D. Create multiple Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams based on the quote type to 
deliver data streams to an Amazon OpenSearch Service cluster. Configure the application to 
send messages to the proper delivery stream. Configure each backend group of application 
servers to search for the messages from OpenSearch Service and process them accordingly. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Quote types need to be separated: SNS message filtering can be used to publish messages to 
the appropriate SQS queue based on the quote type, ensuring that quotes are separated by type. 
Quotes must be responded to within 24 hours and must not get lost: SQS provides reliable and 
scalable queuing for messages, ensuring that quotes will not get lost and can be processed in a 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
198 
timely manner. Additionally, each backend application server can use its own SQS queue, 
ensuring that quotes are processed efficiently without any delay. 
Operational efficiency and minimizing maintenance: Using a single SNS topic and multiple SQS 
queues is a scalable and cost-effective approach, which can help to maximize operational 
efficiency and minimize maintenance. Additionally, SNS and SQS are fully managed services, 
which means that the company will not need to worry about maintenance tasks such as software 
updates, hardware upgrades, or scaling the infrastructure. 
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/filter-messages-published-to-topics/ 
 
 
QUESTION 399 
A company has an application that runs on several Amazon EC2 instances. Each EC2 instance 
has multiple Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) data volumes attached to it. The 
application's EC2 instance configuration and data need to be backed up nightly. The application 
also needs to be recoverable in a different AWS Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Write an AWS Lambda function that schedules nightly snapshots of the application's EBS 
volumes and copies the snapshots to a different Region. 
B. Create a backup plan by using AWS Backup to perform nightly backups. Copy the backups to 
another Region. Add the application's EC2 instances as resources. 
C. Create a backup plan by using AWS Backup to perform nightly backups. Copy the backups to 
another Region. Add the application's EBS volumes as resources. 
D. Write an AWS Lambda function that schedules nightly snapshots of the application's EBS 
volumes and copies the snapshots to a different Availability Zone. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/vi/blogs/aws/aws-backup-ec2-instances-efs-single-file-restore-and-
cross-region-backup/ 
When you back up an EC2 instance, AWS Backup will protect all EBS volumes attached to the 
instance, and it will attach them to an AMI that stores all parameters from the original EC2 
instance except for two. 
 
 
QUESTION 400 
A company is building a mobile app on AWS. The company wants to expand its reach to millions 
of users. The company needs to build a platform so that authorized users can watch the 
company's content on their mobile devices. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Publish content to a public Amazon S3 bucket. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
keys to stream content. 
B. Set up IPsec VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream content. 
C. Use Amazon CloudFront. Provide signed URLs to stream content. 
D. Set up AWS Client VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream content. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that securely delivers data, videos, 
applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency and high transfer speeds. 
CloudFront supports signed URLs that provide authorized access to your content. This feature 
allows the company to control who can access their content and for how long, providing a secure 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
199 
and scalable solution for millions of users. 
https://www.amazonaws.cn/en/cloudfront/ 
 
 
QUESTION 401 
A company hosts a three-tier web application that includes a PostgreSQL database The database 
stores the metadata from documents The company searches the metadata for key terms to 
retrieve documents that the company reviews in a report each month The documents are stored 
in Amazon S3 The documents are usually written only once, but they are updated frequency The 
reporting process takes a few hours with the use of relational queries The reporting process must 
not affect any document modifications or the addition of new documents. 
What are the MOST operationally efficient solutions that meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Set up a new Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) cluster that includes a read 
replica Scale the read replica to generate the reports. 
B. Set up a new Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Reserved Instance and an On-Demand read replica 
Scale the read replica to generate the reports. 
C. Set up a new Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster that includes a Reserved Instance and an 
Aurora Replica issue queries to the Aurora Replica to generate the reports. 
D. Set up a new Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Multi-AZ Reserved Instance Configure the reporting 
module to query the secondary RDS node so that the reporting module does not affect the 
primary node. 
E. Set up a new Amazon DynamoDB table to store the documents Use a fixed write capacity to 
support new document entries Automatically scale the read capacity to support the reports. 
 
Answer: BC 
 
 
QUESTION 402 
A company experienced a breach that affected several applications in its on-premises data 
center. The attacker took advantage of vulnerabilities in the custom applications that were 
running on the servers. The company is now migrating its applications to run on Amazon EC2 
instances. The company wants to implement a solution that actively scans for vulnerabilities on 
the EC2 instances and sends a report that details the findings. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy AWS Shield to scan the EC2 instances for vulnerabilities. Create an AWS Lambda 
function to log any findings to AWS CloudTrail. 
B. Deploy Amazon Macie and AWS Lambda functions to scan the EC2 instances for vulnerabilities. 
Log any findings to AWS CloudTrail. 
C. Turn on Amazon GuardDuty. Deploy the GuardDuty agents to the EC2 instances. Configure an 
AWS Lambda function to automate the generation and distribution of reports that detail the 
findings. 
D. Turn on Amazon Inspector. Deploy the Amazon Inspector agent to the EC2 instances. Configure 
an AWS Lambda function to automate the generation and distribution of reports that detail the 
findings. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon Inspector is an automated vulnerability management service that continually scans AWS 
workloads for software vulnerabilities and unintended network exposure. 
https://aws.amazon.com/inspector/features/?nc=sn&loc=2 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
200 
 
QUESTION 403 
A company uses an Amazon EC2 instance to run a script to poll for and process messages in an 
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. The company wants to reduce operational 
costs while maintaining its ability to process a growing number of messages that are added to the 
queue. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Increase the size of the EC2 instance to process messages faster. 
B. Use Amazon EventBridge to turn off the EC2 instance when the instance is underutilized. 
C. Migrate the script on the EC2 instance to an AWS Lambda function with the appropriate runtime. 
D. Use AWS Systems Manager Run Command to run the script on demand. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
By migrating the script to AWS Lambda, the company can take advantage of the auto-scaling 
feature of the service. AWS Lambda will automatically scale resources to match the size of the 
workload. This means that the company will not have to worry about provisioning or managing 
instances as the number of messages increases, resulting in lower operational costs. 
 
 
QUESTION 404 
A company uses a legacy application to produce data in CSV format. The legacy application 
stores the output data in Amazon S3. The company is deploying a new commercial off-the-shelf 
(COTS) application that can perform complex SQL queries to analyze data that is stored in 
Amazon Redshift and Amazon S3 only. However, the COTS application cannot process the .csv 
files that the legacy application produces. 
 
The company cannot update the legacy application to produce data in another format. The 
company needs to implement a solution so that the COTS application can use the data that the 
legacy application produces. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job that runs on a schedule. Configure 
the ETL job to process the .csv files and store the processed data in Amazon Redshift. 
B. Develop a Python script that runs on Amazon EC2 instances to convert the .csv files to .sql files. 
Invoke the Python script on a cron schedule to store the output files in Amazon S3. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function and an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use an S3 event to invoke 
the Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to perform an extract, transform, and load 
(ETL) job to process the .csv files and store the processed data in the DynamoDB table. 
D. Use Amazon EventBridge to launch an Amazon EMR cluster on a weekly schedule. Configure the 
EMR cluster to perform an extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to process the .csv files and 
store the processed data in an Amazon Redshift table. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/aws-glue-programming-etl-format-csv-home.html 
 
 
QUESTION 405 
A company recently migrated its entire IT environment to the AWS Cloud. The company 
discovers that users are provisioning oversized Amazon EC2 instances and modifying security 
group rules without using the appropriate change control process. A solutions architect must 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
201 
devise a strategy to track and audit these inventory and configuration changes. 
 
Which actions should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Enable AWS CloudTrail and use it for auditing. 
B. Use data lifecycle policies for the Amazon EC2 instances. 
C. Enable AWS Trusted Advisor and reference the security dashboard. 
D. Enable AWS Config and create rules for auditing and compliance purposes. 
E. Restore previous resource configurations with an AWS CloudFormation template. 
 
Answer: AD 
 
 
QUESTION 406 
A company has hundreds of Amazon EC2 Linux-based instances in the AWS Cloud. Systems 
administrators have used shared SSH keys to manage the instances. After a recent audit, the 
company's security team is mandating the removal of all shared keys. A solutions architect must 
design a solution that provides secure access to the EC2 instances. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of administrative overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to connect to the EC2 instances. 
B. Use AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to generate one-time SSH keys on demand. 
C. Allow shared SSH access to a set of bastion instances. Configure all other instances to allow only 
SSH access from the bastion instances. 
D. Use an Amazon Cognito custom authorizer to authenticate users. Invoke an AWS Lambda 
function to generate a temporary SSH key. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Systems Manager Session Manager provides secure and auditable instance management 
without the need for any inbound connections or open ports. It allows you to manage your 
instances through an interactive one-click browser-based shell or through the AWS CLI. This 
means that you don't have to manage any SSH keys, and you don't have to worry about securing 
access to your instances as access is controlled through IAM policies. 
 
 
QUESTION 407 
A company is building a data analysis platform on AWS by using AWS Lake Formation. The 
platform will ingest data from different sources such as Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS. The 
company needs a secure solution to prevent access to portions of the data that contain sensitive 
information. 
 
A. Create an IAM role that includes permissions to access Lake Formation tables. 
B. Create data filters to implement row-level security and cell-level security. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function that removes sensitive information before Lake Formation 
ingests re data. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that perodically Queries and removes sensitive information from 
Lake Formation tables. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 408 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
202 
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that all objects uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket 
are encrypted? 
 
A. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an s3:x-amz-acl header set. 
B. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an s3:x-amz-acl header set to 
private. 
C. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an aws:SecureTransport header 
set to true. 
D. Update the bucket policy to deny if the PutObject does not have an x-amz-server-side-encryption 
header set. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To ensure that all objects uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket are encrypted, the solutions 
architect should update the bucket policy to deny any PutObject requests that do not have an x-
amz-server-side-encryption header set. This will prevent any objects from being uploaded to the 
bucket unless they are encrypted using server-side encryption. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/amazon-s3-policy-keys.html 
 
 
QUESTION 409 
A solutions architect is designing a multi-tier application for a company. The application's users 
upload images from a mobile device. The application generates a thumbnail of each image and 
returns a message to the user to confirm that the image was uploaded successfully. 
 
The thumbnail generation can take up to 60 seconds, but the company wants to provide a faster 
response time to its users to notify them that the original image was received. The solutions 
architect must design the application to asynchronously dispatch requests to the different 
application tiers. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Write a custom AWS Lambda function to generate the thumbnail and alert the user. Use the 
image upload process as an event source to invoke the Lambda function. 
B. Create an AWS Step Functions workflow. Configure Step Functions to handle the orchestration 
between the application tiers and alert the user when thumbnail generation is complete. 
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) message queue. As images are 
uploaded, place a message on the SQS queue for thumbnail generation. Alert the user through 
an application message that the image was received. 
D. Create Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification topics and subscriptions. 
Use one subscription with the application to generate the thumbnail after the image upload is 
complete. Use a second subscription to message the user's mobile app by way of a push 
notification after thumbnail generation is complete. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 410 
A solution architect needs to assign a new microsoft for a company's application. Clients must be 
able to call an HTTPS endpoint to reach the micoservice. The microservice also must use AWS 
identity and Access Management (IAM) to authentication calls. The soltions architect will write the 
logic for this microservice by using a single AWS Lambda function that is written in Go 1.x. 
Which solution will deploy the function in the in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
203 
A. Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Configure the method to use the Lambda function. 
Enable IAM authentication on the API. 
B. Create a Lambda function URL for the function. Specify AWS_IAM as the authentication type. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to Lambda@Edge. Integrate IAM 
authentication logic into the Lambda@Edge function. 
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribuion. Deploy the function to CloudFront Functions. Specify 
AWS_IAM as the authentication type. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 411 
A company wants to implement a disaster recovery plan for its primary on-premises file storage 
volume. The file storage volume is mounted from an Internet Small Computer Systems Interface 
(iSCSI) device on a local storage server. The file storage volume holds hundreds of terabytes 
(TB) of data. 
 
The company wants to ensure that end users retain immediate access to all file types from the 
on-premises systems without experiencing latency. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of change to the company's 
existing infrastructure? 
 
A. Provision an Amazon S3 File Gateway as a virtual machine (VM) that is hosted on premises. Set 
the local cache to 10 TB. Modify existing applications to access the files through the NFS 
protocol. To recover from a disaster, provision an Amazon EC2 instance and mount the S3 
bucket that contains the files. 
B. Provision an AWS Storage Gateway tape gateway. Use a data backup solution to back up all 
existing data to a virtual tape library. Configure the data backup solution to run nightly after the 
initial backup is complete. To recover from a disaster, provision an Amazon EC2 instance and 
restore the data to an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume from the volumes in the 
virtual tape library. 
C. Provision an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway cached volume. Set the local cache to 10 
TB. Mount the Volume Gateway cached volume to the existing file server by using iSCSI, and 
copy all files to the storage volume. Configure scheduled snapshots of the storage volume. To 
recover from a disaster, restore a snapshot to an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volume and attach the EBS volume to an Amazon EC2 instance. 
D. Provision an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway stored volume with the same amount of 
disk space as the existing file storage volume. Mount the Volume Gateway stored volume to the 
existing file server by using iSCSI, and copy all files to the storage volume. Configure scheduled 
snapshots of the storage volume. To recover from a disaster, restore a snapshot to an Amazon 
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume and attach the EBS volume to an Amazon EC2 
instance. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 412 
A company is hosting a web application from an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses 
Amazon Cognito as an identity provider to authenticate users and return a JSON Web Token 
(JWT) that provides access to protected resources that are stored in another S3 bucket. 
 
Upon deployment of the application, users report errors and are unable to access the protected 
content. A solutions architect must resolve this issue by providing proper permissions so that 
users can access the protected content. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
204 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Update the Amazon Cognito identity pool to assume the proper IAM role for access to the 
protected content. 
B. Update the S3 ACL to allow the application to access the protected content. 
C. Redeploy the application to Amazon S3 to prevent eventually consistent reads in the S3 bucket 
from affecting the ability of users to access the protected content. 
D. Update the Amazon Cognito pool to use custom attribute mappings within the identity pool and 
grant users the proper permissions to access the protected content. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/tutorial-create-identity-pool.html 
You have to create an custom role such as read-only. 
 
 
QUESTION 413 
An image hosting company uploads its large assets to Amazon S3 Standard buckets. The 
company uses multipart upload in parallel by using S3 APIs and overwrites if the same object is 
uploaded again. For the first 30 days after upload, the objects will be accessed frequently. The 
objects will be used less frequently after 30 days, but the access patterns for each object will be 
inconsistent. The company must optimize its S3 storage costs while maintaining high availability 
and resiliency of stored assets. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect recommend to meet these 
requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Move assets to S3 Intelligent-Tiering after 30 days. 
B. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to clean up incomplete multipart uploads. 
C. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to clean up expired object delete markers. 
D. Move assets to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days. 
E. Move assets to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days. 
 
Answer: AB 
Explanation: 
S3 Intelligent-Tiering - Data with unknown, changing, or unpredictable access patterns and 
moves objects that have not been accessed in 30 consecutive days to the Infrequent Access tier. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/storage-class-intro.html 
 
 
QUESTION 414 
A solutions architect must secure a VPC network that hosts Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 
instances contain highly sensitive data and run in a private subnet. According to company policy, 
the EC2 instances that run in the VPC can access only approved third-party software repositories 
on the internet for software product updates that use the third party's URL. Other internet traffic 
must be blocked. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Update the route table for the private subnet to route the outbound traffic to an AWS Network 
Firewall firewall. Configure domain list rule groups. 
B. Set up an AWS WAF web ACL. Create a custom set of rules that filter traffic requests based on 
source and destination IP address range sets. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
205 
C. Implement strict inbound security group rules. Configure an outbound rule that allows traffic only 
to the authorized software repositories on the internet by specifying the URLs. 
D. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in front of the EC2 instances. Direct all outbound 
traffic to the ALB. Use a URL-based rule listener in the ALB's target group for outbound access to 
the internet. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Send the outbound connection from EC2 to Network Firewall. In Network Firewall, create stateful 
outbound rules to allow certain domains for software patch download and deny all other domains. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/developerguide/suricata-
examples.html#suricata-example-domain-filtering 
 
 
QUESTION 415 
A company is hosting a three-tier ecommerce application in the AWS Cloud. The company hosts 
the website on Amazon S3 and integrates the website with an API that handles sales requests. 
The company hosts the API on three Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load 
Balancer (ALB). The API consists of static and dynamic front-end content along with backend 
workers that process sales requests asynchronously. 
 
The company is expecting a significant and sudden increase in the number of sales requests 
during events for the launch of new products. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to ensure that all the requests are processed 
successfully? 
 
A. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the dynamic content. Increase the number of EC2 
instances to handle the increase in traffic. 
B. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the static content. Place the EC2 instances in an Auto 
Scaling group to launch new instances based on network traffic. 
C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the dynamic content. Add an Amazon ElastiCache 
instance in front of the ALB to reduce traffic for the API to handle. 
D. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the static content. Add an Amazon Simple Queue 
Service (Amazon SQS) queue to receive requests from the website for later processing by the 
EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Static content can include images and style sheets that are the same across all users and are 
best cached at the edges of the content distribution network (CDN). Dynamic content includes 
information that changes frequently or is personalized based on user preferences, behavior, 
location or other factors - all content is sales requests. 
 
 
QUESTION 416 
A security audit reveals that Amazon EC2 instances are not being patched regularly. A solutions 
architect needs to provide a solution that will run regular security scans across a large fleet of 
EC2 instances. The solution should also patch the EC2 instances on a regular schedule and 
provide a report of each instance's patch status. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up Amazon Macie to scan the EC2 instances for software vulnerabilities. Set up a cron job on 
each EC2 instance to patch the instance on a regular schedule. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
206 
B. Turn on Amazon GuardDuty in the account. Configure GuardDuty to scan the EC2 instances for 
software vulnerabilities. Set up AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to patch the EC2 
instances on a regular schedule. 
C. Set up Amazon Detective to scan the EC2 instances for software vulnerabilities. Set up an 
Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule to patch the EC2 instances on a regular schedule. 
D. Turn on Amazon Inspector in the account. Configure Amazon Inspector to scan the EC2 
instances for software vulnerabilities. Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to patch the 
EC2 instances on a regular schedule. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon Inspector is a security assessment service that helps improve the security and 
compliance of applications deployed on Amazon Web Services (AWS). It automatically assesses 
applications for vulnerabilities or deviations from best practices. Amazon Inspector can be used to 
identify security issues and recommend fixes for them. It is an ideal solution for running regular 
security scans across a large fleet of EC2 instances. 
AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager is a service that helps you automate the process of 
patching Windows and Linux instances. It provides a simple, automated way to patch your 
instances with the latest security patches and updates. Patch Manager helps you maintain 
compliance with security policies and regulations by providing detailed reports on the patch status 
of your instances. 
 
 
QUESTION 417 
A company is planning to store data on Amazon RDS DB instances. The company must encrypt 
the data at rest. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Create a key in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Enable encryption for the DB 
instances. 
B. Create an encryption key. Store the key in AWS Secrets Manager. Use the key to encrypt the DB 
instances. 
C. Generate a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Enable SSL/TLS on the DB instances 
by using the certificate. 
D. Generate a certificate in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). Enable SSL/TLS on the 
DB instances by using the certificate. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
To encrypt data at rest in Amazon RDS, you can use the encryption feature of Amazon RDS, 
which uses AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). With this feature, Amazon RDS 
encrypts each database instance with a unique key. This key is stored securely by AWS KMS. 
You can manage your own keys or use the default AWS-managed keys. When you enable 
encryption for a DB instance, Amazon RDS encrypts the underlying storage, including the 
automated backups, read replicas, and snapshots. 
 
 
QUESTION 418 
A company must migrate 20 TB of data from a data center to the AWS Cloud within 30 days. The 
company's network bandwidth is limited to 15 Mbps and cannot exceed 70% utilization. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Snowball. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
207 
B. Use AWS DataSync. 
C. Use a secure VPN connection. 
D. Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Snowball is a secure data transport solution that accelerates moving large amounts of data 
into and out of the AWS cloud. It can move up to 80 TB of data at a time, and provides a network 
bandwidth of up to 50 Mbps, so it is well-suited for the task. Additionally, it is secure and easy to 
use, making it the ideal solution for this migration. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/snowball/latest/ug/whatissnowball.html 
 
 
QUESTION 419 
A company needs to provide its employees with secure access to confidential and sensitive files. 
The company wants to ensure that the files can be accessed only by authorized users. The files 
must be downloaded securely to the employees' devices. 
The files are stored in an on-premises Windows file server. However, due to an increase in 
remote usage, the file server is running out of capacity. 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the file server to an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet. Configure the security 
group to limit inbound traffic to the employees' IP addresses. 
B. Migrate the files to an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Integrate the Amazon 
FSx file system with the on-premises Active Directory. Configure AWS Client VPN. 
C. Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a private VPC endpoint. Create a signed URL to allow 
download. 
D. Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a public VPC endpoint. Allow employees to sign on 
with AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On). 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
It provides a secure way for employees to access confidential and sensitive files from anywhere 
using AWS Client VPN. The Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system is designed to 
provide native support for Windows file system features such as NTFS permissions, Active 
Directory integration, and Distributed File System (DFS). This means that the company can 
continue to use their on-premises Active Directory to manage user access to files. 
 
 
QUESTION 420 
A company's application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer 
(ALB). The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability 
Zones. On the first day of every month at midnight, the application becomes much slower when 
the month-end financial calculation batch runs. This causes the CPU utilization of the EC2 
instances to immediately peak to 100%, which disrupts the application. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to ensure the application is able to handle the 
workload and avoid downtime? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the ALB. 
B. Configure an EC2 Auto Scaling simple scaling policy based on CPU utilization. 
C. Configure an EC2 Auto Scaling scheduled scaling policy based on the monthly schedule. 
D. Configure Amazon ElastiCache to remove some of the workload from the EC2 instances. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
208 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-scheduled-scaling.html 
 
 
QUESTION 421 
A company wants to give a customer the ability to use on-premises Microsoft Active Directory to 
download files that are stored in Amazon S3. The customer's application uses an SFTP client to 
download the files. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead and no 
changes to the customer's application? 
 
A. Set up AWS Transfer Family with SFTP for Amazon S3. Configure integrated Active Directory 
authentication. 
B. Set up AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to synchronize the on-premises client with 
Amazon S3. Configure integrated Active Directory authentication. 
C. Set up AWS DataSync to synchronize between the on-premises location and the S3 location by 
using AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On). 
D. Set up a Windows Amazon EC2 instance with SFTP to connect the on-premises client with 
Amazon S3. Integrate AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transfer/latest/userguide/directory-services-users.html 
 
 
QUESTION 422 
A company is experiencing sudden increases in demand. The company needs to provision large 
Amazon EC2 instances from an Amazon Machine Image (AMI). The instances will run in an Auto 
Scaling group. The company needs a solution that provides minimum initialization latency to meet 
the demand. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use the aws ec2 register-image command to create an AMI from a snapshot. Use AWS Step 
Functions to replace the AMI in the Auto Scaling group. 
B. Enable Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) fast snapshot restore on a snapshot. 
Provision an AMI by using the snapshot. Replace the AMI in the Auto Scaling group with the new 
AMI. 
C. Enable AMI creation and define lifecycle rules in Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (Amazon 
DLM). Create an AWS Lambda function that modifies the AMI in the Auto Scaling group. 
D. Use Amazon EventBridge to invoke AWS Backup lifecycle policies that provision AMIs. Configure 
Auto Scaling group capacity limits as an event source in EventBridge. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Enabling Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) fast snapshot restore on a snapshot allows 
you to quickly create a new Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from a snapshot, which can help 
reduce the initialization latency when provisioning new instances. Once the AMI is provisioned, 
you can replace the AMI in the Auto Scaling group with the new AMI. This will ensure that new 
instances are launched from the updated AMI and are able to meet the increased demand 
quickly. 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
209 
QUESTION 423 
A company hosts a multi-tier web application that uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster for 
storage. The application tier is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The company's IT security 
guidelines mandate that the database credentials be encrypted and rotated every 14 days. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort? 
 
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Use AWS Secrets 
Manager to create a new secret that uses the KMS key with the appropriate credentials. 
Associate the secret with the Aurora DB cluster. Configure a custom rotation period of 14 days. 
B. Create two parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store: one for the user name as a 
string parameter and one that uses the SecureString type for the password. Select AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption for the password parameter, and load these 
parameters in the application tier. Implement an AWS Lambda function that rotates the password 
every 14 days. 
C. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
encrypted Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system in 
all EC2 instances of the application tier. Restrict the access to the file on the file system so that 
the application can read the file and that only super users can modify the file. Implement an AWS 
Lambda function that rotates the key in Aurora every 14 days and writes new credentials into the 
file. 
D. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
encrypted Amazon S3 bucket that the application uses to load the credentials. Download the file 
to the application regularly to ensure that the correct credentials are used. Implement an AWS 
Lambda function that rotates the Aurora credentials every 14 days and uploads these credentials 
to the file in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
To implement password rotation lifecycles, use AWS Secrets Manager. You can rotate, manage, 
and retrieve database credentials, API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycle using 
Secrets Manager. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-use-aws-secrets-manager-rotate-credentials-
amazon-rds-database-types-oracle/ 
 
 
QUESTION 424 
A company has deployed a web application on AWS. The company hosts the backend database 
on Amazon RDS for MySQL with a primary DB instance and five read replicas to support scaling 
needs. The read replicas must lag no more than 1 second behind the primary DB instance. The 
database routinely runs scheduled stored procedures. 
 
As traffic on the website increases, the replicas experience additional lag during periods of peak 
load. A solutions architect must reduce the replication lag as much as possible. The solutions 
architect must minimize changes to the application code and must minimize ongoing operational 
overhead. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora MySQL. Replace the read replicas with Aurora Replicas, 
and configure Aurora Auto Scaling. Replace the stored procedures with Aurora MySQL native 
functions. 
B. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster in front of the database. Modify the application 
to check the cache before the application queries the database. Replace the stored procedures 
with AWS Lambda functions. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
210 
C. Migrate the database to a MySQL database that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Choose large, 
compute optimized EC2 instances for all replica nodes. Maintain the stored procedures on the 
EC2 instances. 
D. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB. Provision a large number of read capacity units 
(RCUs) to support the required throughput, and configure on-demand capacity scaling. Replace 
the stored procedures with DynamoDB streams. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can scale reads for your Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance by adding read replicas 
to the instance. As with other Amazon RDS database engines, RDS for PostgreSQL uses the 
native replication mechanisms of PostgreSQL to keep read replicas up to date with changes on 
the source DB. For general information about read replicas and Amazon RDS, see Working with 
read replicas. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_PostgreSQL.Replication.Re
adReplicas.html 
 
 
QUESTION 425 
A solutions architect must create a disaster recovery (DR) plan for a high-volume software as a 
service (SaaS) platform. All data for the platform is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB 
cluster. 
The DR plan must replicate data to a secondary AWS Region. 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use MySQL binary log replication to an Aurora cluster in the secondary Region. Provision one DB 
instance for the Aurora cluster in the secondary Region. 
B. Set up an Aurora global database for the DB cluster. When setup is complete, remove the DB 
instance from the secondary Region. 
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to continuously replicate data to an Aurora 
cluster in the secondary Region. Remove the DB instance from the secondary Region. 
D. Set up an Aurora global database for the DB cluster. Specify a minimum of one DB instance in 
the secondary Region. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
An Aurora DB cluster can contain up to 15 Aurora Replicas. The Aurora Replicas can be 
distributed across the Availability Zones that a DB cluster spans WITHIN an AWS Region. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Replication.html 
You can replicate data across multiple Regions by using an Aurora global database. 
 
 
QUESTION 426 
A company has a custom application with embedded credentials that retrieves information from 
an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. Management says the application must be made more 
secure with the least amount of programming effort. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to create keys. Configure the application to load 
the database credentials from AWS KMS. Enable automatic key rotation. 
B. Create credentials on the RDS for MySQL database for the application user and store the 
credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to load the database credentials 
from Secrets Manager. Create an AWS Lambda function that rotates the credentials in Secret 
Manager. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
211 
C. Create credentials on the RDS for MySQL database for the application user and store the 
credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to load the database credentials 
from Secrets Manager. Set up a credentials rotation schedule for the application user in the RDS 
for MySQL database using Secrets Manager. 
D. Create credentials on the RDS for MySQL database for the application user and store the 
credentials in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Configure the application to load the 
database credentials from Parameter Store. Set up a credentials rotation schedule for the 
application user in the RDS for MySQL database using Parameter Store. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://ws.amazon.com/blogs/security/rotate-amazon-rds-database-credentials-automatically-
with-aws-secrets-manager/ 
 
 
QUESTION 427 
A media company hosts its website on AWS. The website application's architecture includes a 
fleet of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and a database that is 
hosted on Amazon Aurora. The company's cybersecurity team reports that the application is 
vulnerable to SQL injection. 
 
How should the company resolve this issue? 
 
A. Use AWS WAF in front of the ALB. Associate the appropriate web ACLs with AWS WAF. 
B. Create an ALB listener rule to reply to SQL injections with a fixed response. 
C. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced to block all SQL injection attempts automatically. 
D. Set up Amazon Inspector to block all SQL injection attempts automatically. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Protect against SQL injection and cross-site scripting 
To protect your applications against SQL injection and cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks, use the 
built-in SQL injection and cross-site scripting engines. Remember that attacks can be performed 
on different parts of the HTTP request, such as the HTTP header, query string, or URI. Configure 
the AWS WAF rules to inspect different parts of the HTTP request against the built-in mitigation 
engines. 
 
 
QUESTION 428 
A company has an Amazon S3 data lake that is governed by AWS Lake Formation. The company 
wants to create a visualization in Amazon QuickSight by joining the data in the data lake with 
operational data that is stored in an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. The company wants to 
enforce column-level authorization so that the company's marketing team can access only a 
subset of columns in the database. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon EMR to ingest the data directly from the database to the QuickSight SPICE engine. 
Include only the required columns. 
B. Use AWS Glue Studio to ingest the data from the database to the S3 data lake. Attach an IAM 
policy to the QuickSight users to enforce column-level access control. Use Amazon S3 as the 
data source in QuickSight. 
C. Use AWS Glue Elastic Views to create a materialized view for the database in Amazon S3. 
Create an S3 bucket policy to enforce column-level access control for the QuickSight users. Use 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
212 
Amazon S3 as the data source in QuickSight. 
D. Use a Lake Formation blueprint to ingest the data from the database to the S3 data lake. Use 
Lake Formation to enforce column-level access control for the QuickSight users. Use Amazon 
Athena as the data source in QuickSight. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
This solution leverages AWS Lake Formation to ingest data from the Aurora MySQL database 
into the S3 data lake, while enforcing column-level access control for QuickSight users. Lake 
Formation can be used to create and manage the data lake's metadata and enforce security and 
governance policies, including column-level access control. This solution then uses Amazon 
Athena as the data source in QuickSight to query the data in the S3 data lake. This solution 
minimizes operational overhead by leveraging AWS services to manage and secure the data, and 
by using a standard query service (Amazon Athena) to provide a SQL interface to the data. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/enforce-column-level-authorization-with-amazon-
quicksight-and-aws-lake-formation/ 
 
 
QUESTION 429 
A transaction processing company has weekly scripted batch jobs that run on Amazon EC2 
instances. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group. The number of transactions can vary, 
but the baseline CPU utilization that is noted on each run is at least 60%. The company needs to 
provision the capacity 30 minutes before the jobs run. 
 
Currently, engineers complete this task by manually modifying the Auto Scaling group 
parameters. The company does not have the resources to analyze the required capacity trends 
for the Auto Scaling group counts. The company needs an automated way to modify the Auto 
Scaling group's desired capacity. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Configure the policy to scale based 
on the CPU utilization metric. Set the target value for the metric to 60%. 
B. Create a scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Set the appropriate desired 
capacity, minimum capacity, and maximum capacity. Set the recurrence to weekly. Set the start 
time to 30 minutes before the batch jobs run. 
C. Create a predictive scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group. Configure the policy to scale based 
on forecast. Set the scaling metric to CPU utilization. Set the target value for the metric to 60%. In 
the policy, set the instances to pre-launch 30 minutes before the jobs run. 
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge event to invoke an AWS Lambda function when the CPU 
utilization metric value for the Auto Scaling group reaches 60%. Configure the Lambda function to 
increase the Auto Scaling group's desired capacity and maximum capacity by 20%. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-predictive-scaling.html 
 
 
QUESTION 430 
A solutions architect is designing a company's disaster recovery (DR) architecture. The company 
has a MySQL database that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet with scheduled 
backup. The DR design needs to include multiple AWS Regions. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
213 
A. Migrate the MySQL database to multiple EC2 instances. Configure a standby EC2 instance in the 
DR Region. Turn on replication. 
B. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS. Use a Multi-AZ deployment. Turn on read 
replication for the primary DB instance in the different Availability Zones. 
C. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon Aurora global database. Host the primary DB cluster 
in the primary Region. Host the secondary DB cluster in the DR Region. 
D. Store the scheduled backup of the MySQL database in an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured 
for S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR). Use the data backup to restore the database in the DR 
Region. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Replication.html 
 
 
QUESTION 431 
A company has a Java application that uses Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to 
parse messages. The application cannot parse messages that are larger than 256 KB in size. 
The company wants to implement a solution to give the application the ability to parse messages 
as large as 50 MB. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the code? 
 
A. Use the Amazon SQS Extended Client Library for Java to host messages that are larger than 256 
KB in Amazon S3. 
B. Use Amazon EventBridge to post large messages from the application instead of Amazon SQS. 
C. Change the limit in Amazon SQS to handle messages that are larger than 256 KB. 
D. Store messages that are larger than 256 KB in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). 
Configure Amazon SQS to reference this location in the messages. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
To send messages larger than 256 KiB, you can use the Amazon SQS Extended Client Library 
for Java. This library allows you to send an Amazon SQS message that contains a reference to a 
message payload in Amazon S3. The maximum payload size is 2 GB. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/quotas-
messages.html 
 
 
QUESTION 432 
A company wants to restrict access to the content of one of its main web applications and to 
protect the content by using authorization techniques available on AWS. The company wants to 
implement a serverless architecture and an authentication solution for fewer than 100 users. The 
solution needs to integrate with the main web application and serve web content globally. The 
solution must also scale as the company's user base grows while providing the lowest login 
latency possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use Amazon Cognito for authentication. Use Lambda@Edge for authorization. Use Amazon 
CloudFront to serve the web application globally. 
B. Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Use AWS Lambda 
for authorization. Use an Application Load Balancer to serve the web application globally. 
C. Use Amazon Cognito for authentication. Use AWS Lambda for authorization. Use Amazon S3 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
214 
Transfer Acceleration to serve the web application globally. 
D. Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Use Lambda@Edge 
for authorization. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to serve the web application globally. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudFront is a global content delivery network (CDN) service that can securely deliver 
web content, videos, and APIs at scale. It integrates with Cognito for authentication and with 
Lambda@Edge for authorization, making it an ideal choice for serving web content globally. 
Lambda@Edge is a service that lets you run AWS Lambda functions globally closer to users, 
providing lower latency and faster response times. It can also handle authorization logic at the 
edge to secure content in CloudFront. For this scenario, Lambda@Edge can provide 
authorization for the web application while leveraging the low-latency benefit of running at the 
edge. 
 
 
QUESTION 433 
A company has an aging network-attached storage (NAS) array in its data center. The NAS array 
presents SMB shares and NFS shares to client workstations. The company does not want to 
purchase a new NAS array. The company also does not want to incur the cost of renewing the 
NAS array's support contract. Some of the data is accessed frequently, but much of the data is 
inactive. 
 
A solutions architect needs to implement a solution that migrates the data to Amazon S3, uses S3 
Lifecycle policies, and maintains the same look and feel for the client workstations. The solutions 
architect has identified AWS Storage Gateway as part of the solution. 
 
Which type of storage gateway should the solutions architect provision to meet these 
requirements? 
 
A. Volume Gateway 
B. Tape Gateway 
C. Amazon FSx File Gateway 
D. Amazon S3 File Gateway 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 File Gateway provides a file interface to objects stored in S3. It can be used for a file-
based interface with S3, which allows the company to migrate their NAS array data to S3 while 
maintaining the same look and feel for client workstations. Amazon S3 File Gateway supports 
SMB and NFS protocols, which will allow clients to continue to access the data using these 
protocols. Additionally, Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies can be used to automate the movement of 
data to lower-cost storage tiers, reducing the storage cost of inactive data. 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/06/aws-storage-gateway-adds-smb-support-
to-store-objects-in-amazon-s3/ 
 
 
QUESTION 434 
A company has an application that is running on Amazon EC2 instances. A solutions architect 
has standardized the company on a particular instance family and various instance sizes based 
on the current needs of the company. 
 
The company wants to maximize cost savings for the application over the next 3 years. The 
company needs to be able to change the instance family and sizes in the next 6 months based on 
application popularity and usage. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
215 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Compute Savings Plan 
B. EC2 Instance Savings Plan 
C. Zonal Reserved Instances 
D. Standard Reserved Instances 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Compute Savings Plans provide the most flexibility and help to reduce your costs by up to 66%. 
These plans automatically apply to EC2 instance usage regardless of instance family, size, AZ, 
Region, OS or tenancy, and also apply to Fargate or Lambda usage. 
EC2 Instance Savings Plans provide the lowest prices, offering savings up to 72% in exchange 
for commitment to usage of individual instance families in a Region 
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/compute-pricing/ 
 
 
QUESTION 435 
A company collects data from a large number of participants who use wearable devices. The 
company stores the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table and uses applications to analyze the 
data. The data workload is constant and predictable. The company wants to stay at or below its 
forecasted budget for DynamoDB. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use provisioned mode and DynamoDB Standard-Infrequent Access (DynamoDB Standard-IA). 
Reserve capacity for the forecasted workload. 
B. Use provisioned mode. Specify the read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs). 
C. Use on-demand mode. Set the read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs) high 
enough to accommodate changes in the workload. 
D. Use on-demand mode. Specify the read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs) 
with reserved capacity. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
"The data workload is constant and predictable." 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/serverless-applications-lens/capacity.html 
"With provisioned capacity you pay for the provision of read and write capacity units for your 
DynamoDB tables. Whereas with DynamoDB on-demand you pay per request for the data reads 
and writes that your application performs on your tables." 
 
 
QUESTION 436 
A company stores confidential data in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database in the ap-
southeast-3 Region. The database is encrypted with an AWS Key Management Service (AWS 
KMS) customer managed key. The company was recently acquired and must securely share a 
backup of the database with the acquiring company's AWS account in ap-southeast-3. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a database snapshot. Copy the snapshot to a new unencrypted snapshot. Share the new 
snapshot with the acquiring company's AWS account. 
B. Create a database snapshot. Add the acquiring company's AWS account to the KMS key policy. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
216 
Share the snapshot with the acquiring company's AWS account. 
C. Create a database snapshot that uses a different AWS managed KMS key. Add the acquiring 
company's AWS account to the KMS key alias. Share the snapshot with the acquiring company's 
AWS account. 
D. Create a database snapshot. Download the database snapshot. Upload the database snapshot to 
an Amazon S3 bucket. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the acquiring company's 
AWS account. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/aurora-share-encrypted-snapshot/ 
 
 
QUESTION 437 
A company uses a 100 GB Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server Single-AZ DB instance in the 
us-east-1 Region to store customer transactions. The company needs high availability and 
automatic recovery for the DB instance. 
 
The company must also run reports on the RDS database several times a year. The report 
process causes transactions to take longer than usual to post to the customers' accounts. The 
company needs a solution that will improve the performance of the report process. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Modify the DB instance from a Single-AZ DB instance to a Multi-AZ deployment. 
B. Take a snapshot of the current DB instance. Restore the snapshot to a new RDS deployment in 
another Availability Zone. 
C. Create a read replica of the DB instance in a different Availability Zone. Point all requests for 
reports to the read replica. 
D. Migrate the database to RDS Custom. 
E. Use RDS Proxy to limit reporting requests to the maintenance window. 
 
Answer: AC 
 
 
QUESTION 438 
A company is moving its data management application to AWS. The company wants to transition 
to an event-driven architecture. The architecture needs to be more distributed and to use 
serverless concepts while performing the different aspects of the workflow. The company also 
wants to minimize operational overhead. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Build out the workflow in AWS Glue. Use AWS Glue to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process 
the workflow steps. 
B. Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances. 
Use Step Functions to invoke the workflow steps on the EC2 instances. 
C. Build out the workflow in Amazon EventBridge. Use EventBridge to invoke AWS Lambda 
functions on a schedule to process the workflow steps. 
D. Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions. Use Step Functions to create a state machine. 
Use the state machine to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process the workflow steps. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
217 
AWS Step functions is serverless Visual workflows for distributed applications 
https://aws.amazon.com/step-functions/ 
 
 
QUESTION 439 
A company is designing the network for an online multi-player game. The game uses the UDP 
networking protocol and will be deployed in eight AWS Regions. The network architecture needs 
to minimize latency and packet loss to give end users a high-quality gaming experience. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Setup a transit gateway in each Region. Create inter-Region peering attachments between each 
transit gateway. 
B. Set up AWS Global Accelerator with UDP listeners and endpoint groups in each Region. 
C. Set up Amazon CloudFront with UDP turned on. Configure an origin in each Region. 
D. Set up a VPC peering mesh between each Region. Turn on UDP for each VPC. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Global Accelerator supports the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) and Transmission Control 
Protocol (TCP), making it an excellent choice for an online multi-player game using UDP 
networking protocol. By setting up Global Accelerator with UDP listeners and endpoint groups in 
each Region, the network architecture can minimize latency and packet loss, giving end users a 
high-quality gaming experience. 
 
 
QUESTION 440 
A company hosts a three-tier web application on Amazon EC2 instances in a single Availability 
Zone. The web application uses a self-managed MySQL database that is hosted on an EC2 
instance to store data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. The MySQL 
database currently uses a 1 TB Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) EBS volume. The company expects 
traffic of 1,000 IOPS for both reads and writes at peak traffic. 
 
The company wants to minimize any disruptions, stabilize performance, and reduce costs while 
retaining the capacity for double the IOPS. The company wants to move the database tier to a 
fully managed solution that is highly available and fault tolerant. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use a Multi-AZ deployment of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with an io2 Block 
Express EBS volume. 
B. Use a Multi-AZ deployment of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with a General Purpose 
SSD (gp2) EBS volume. 
C. Use Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering access tiers. 
D. Use two large EC2 instances to host the database in active-passive mode. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
RDS does not support IO2 or IO2express . GP2 can do the required IOPS. 
RDS supported Storage > 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Storage.html 
GP2 max IOPS > 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/general-purpose.html#gp2-
performance 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
218 
 
 
QUESTION 441 
A company hosts a serverless application on AWS. The application uses Amazon API Gateway, 
AWS Lambda, and an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL database. The company notices an increase 
in application errors that result from database connection timeouts during times of peak traffic or 
unpredictable traffic. The company needs a solution that reduces the application failures with the 
least amount of change to the code. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Reduce the Lambda concurrency rate. 
B. Enable RDS Proxy on the RDS DB instance. 
C. Resize the RDS DB instance class to accept more connections. 
D. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB with on-demand scaling. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/proxy/ 
 
 
QUESTION 442 
A company is migrating an old application to AWS. The application runs a batch job every hour 
and is CPU intensive. The batch job takes 15 minutes on average with an on-premises server. 
The server has 64 virtual CPU (vCPU) and 512 GiB of memory. 
 
Which solution will run the batch job within 15 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Lambda with functional scaling. 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate. 
C. Use Amazon Lightsail with AWS Auto Scaling. 
D. Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS Batch is a fully-managed service that can launch and manage the compute resources 
needed to execute batch jobs. It can scale the compute environment based on the size and 
timing of the batch jobs. 
 
 
QUESTION 443 
A company stores its data objects in Amazon S3 Standard storage. A solutions architect has 
found that 75% of the data is rarely accessed after 30 days. The company needs all the data to 
remain immediately accessible with the same high availability and resiliency, but the company 
wants to minimize storage costs. 
 
Which storage solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Move the data objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 30 days. 
B. Move the data objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days. 
C. Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days. 
D. Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) immediately. 
 
Answer: B 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
219 
Explanation: 
Move the data objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days - will 
meet the requirements of keeping the data immediately accessible with high availability and 
resiliency, while minimizing storage costs. S3 Standard-IA is designed for infrequently accessed 
data, and it provides a lower storage cost than S3 Standard, while still offering the same low 
latency, high throughput, and high durability as S3 Standard. 
 
 
QUESTION 444 
A company has a three-tier application on AWS that ingests sensor data from its users devices. 
The traffic flows through a Network Load Balancer (NLB), then to Amazon EC2 instances for the 
web tier, and finally to EC2 instances for the application tier. The application tier makes calls to a 
database. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to improve the security of the data in transit? 
 
A. Configure a TLS listener. Deploy the server certificate on the NLB. 
B. Configure AWS Shield Advanced. Enable AWS WAF on the NLB. 
C. Change the load balancer to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Enable AWS WAF on the ALB. 
D. Encrypt the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume on the EC2 instances by using 
AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Network Load Balancers now support TLS protocol. With this launch, you can now offload 
resource intensive decryption/encryption from your application servers to a high throughput, and 
low latency Network Load Balancer. Network Load Balancer is now able to terminate TLS traffic 
and set up connections with your targets either over TCP or TLS protocol. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/create-tls-listener.html 
https://exampleloadbalancer.com/nlbtls_demo.html 
 
 
QUESTION 445 
A social media company runs its application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application 
Load Balancer (ALB). The ALB is the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The 
application has more than a billion images stored in an Amazon S3 bucket and processes 
thousands of images each second. The company wants to resize the images dynamically and 
serve appropriate formats to clients. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Install an external image management library on an EC2 instance. Use the image management 
library to process the images. 
B. Create a CloudFront origin request policy. Use the policy to automatically resize images and to 
serve the appropriate format based on the User-Agent HTTP header in the request. 
C. Use a Lambda@Edge function with an external image management library. Associate the 
Lambda@Edge function with the CloudFront behaviors that serve the images. 
D. Create a CloudFront response headers policy. Use the policy to automatically resize images and 
to serve the appropriate format based on the User-Agent HTTP header in the request. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/cn/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/resizing-images-with-amazon-
cloudfront-lambdaedge-aws-cdn-blog/ 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
220 
 
QUESTION 446 
A hospital needs to store patient records in an Amazon S3 bucket. The hospital's compliance 
team must ensure that all protected health information (PHI) is encrypted in transit and at rest. 
The compliance team must administer the encryption key for data at rest. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a public SSL/TLS certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Associate the certificate 
with Amazon S3. Configure default encryption for each S3 bucket to use server-side encryption 
with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Assign the compliance team to manage the KMS keys. 
B. Use the aws:SecureTransport condition on S3 bucket policies to allow only encrypted 
connections over HTTPS (TLS). Configure default encryption for each S3 bucket to use server-
side encryption with S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Assign the compliance team to 
manage the SSE-S3 keys. 
C. Use the aws:SecureTransport condition on S3 bucket policies to allow only encrypted 
connections over HTTPS (TLS). Configure default encryption for each S3 bucket to use server-
side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Assign the compliance team to manage the 
KMS keys. 
D. Use the aws:SecureTransport condition on S3 bucket policies to allow only encrypted 
connections over HTTPS (TLS). Use Amazon Macie to protect the sensitive data that is stored in 
Amazon S3. Assign the compliance team to manage Macie. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
It allows the compliance team to manage the KMS keys used for server-side encryption, thereby 
providing the necessary control over the encryption keys. Additionally, the use of the 
"aws:SecureTransport" condition on the bucket policy ensures that all connections to the S3 
bucket are encrypted in transit. 
 
 
QUESTION 447 
A data analytics company wants to migrate its batch processing system to AWS. The company 
receives thousands of small data files periodically during the day through FTP. A on-premises 
batch job processes the data files overnight. However, the batch job takes hours to finish running. 
The company wants the AWS solution to process incoming data files are possible with minimal 
changes to the FTP clients that send the files. The solution must delete the incoming data files 
the files have been processed successfully. Processing for each file needs to take 3-8 minutes. 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files as objects in 
Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon 
EventBridge rules to invoke the job to process the objects nightly from S3 Glacier Flexible 
Retrieval. Delete the objects after the job has processed the objects. 
B. Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon 
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon 
EventBridge rules to invoke the process the files nightly from the EBS volume. Delete the files 
after the job has processed the files. 
C. Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon Elastic 
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use an Amazon S3 
event notification when each files arrives to invoke the job in AWS Batch. Delete the files after the 
job has processed the files. 
D. Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files in Amazon S3 
Standard. Create an AWS Lambda function to process the files and delete the files after they are 
processed.use an S3 event notification to invoke the lambda function when the files arrive. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
221 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 448 
A company is migrating a Linux-based web server group to AWS. The web servers must access 
files in a shared file store for some content. The company must not make any changes to the 
application. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 Standard bucket with access to the web servers. 
B. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin. 
C. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system on 
all web servers. 
D. Configure a General Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. 
Mount the EBS volume to all web servers. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 449 
A company wants to migrate a Windows-based application from on premises to the AWS Cloud. 
The application has three tiers, a business tier, and a database tier with Microsoft SQL Server. 
The company wants to use specific features of SQL Server such as native backups and Data 
Quality Services. The company also needs to share files for process between the tiers. 
 
How should a solution architect design the architecture to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Host all three on Amazon instances. Use Mmazon FSx File Gateway for file sharing between 
tiers. 
B. Host all three on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Amazon FSx for Windows file sharing between the 
tiers. 
C. Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier 
on Amazon RDS. Use Amazon Elastic File system (Amazon EFS) for file sharing between the 
tiers. 
D. Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier 
on Amazon RDS. Use a Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volume for file sharing between the tiers. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Data Quality Services: If this feature is critical to your workload, consider choosing Amazon RDS 
Custom or Amazon EC2. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/migration-sql-server/comparison.html 
 
 
QUESTION 450 
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Lambda functions to run its application. The 
company has VPCs with public subnets and private subnets in its AWS account. The EC2 
instances run in a private subnet in one of the VPCs. The Lambda functions need direct network 
access to the EC2 instances for the application to work. 
 
The application will run for at least 1 year. The company expects the number of Lambda functions 
that the application uses to increase during that time. The company wants to maximize its savings 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
222 
on all application resources and to keep network latency between the services low. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Purchase on an EC2 instance Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions duration and 
memory usage and the number of invocations. Connect the Lambda functions to the private 
subnet that contains the EC2 instances. 
B. Purchase on an EC2 instance Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions duration and 
memory usage and the number of invocation, and the amount of data that is transfered. Connect 
the Lambda functions to a public subnet in the same VPC where the EC2 instances run. 
C. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions duration and memory usage, 
the number of invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred. Connect the Lambda 
function to the Private subnet that contains the EC2 instances. 
D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions' duration and memory usage, 
the number of invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred. Keep the Lambda functions 
in the Lambda service VPC. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
By purchasing a Compute Savings Plan, the company can save on the costs of running both EC2 
instances and Lambda functions. The Lambda functions can be connected to the private subnet 
that contains the EC2 instances through a VPC endpoint for AWS services or a VPC peering 
connection. This provides direct network access to the EC2 instances while keeping the traffic 
within the private network, which helps to minimize network latency. 
 
Optimizing the Lambda functions duration, memory usage, number of invocations, and amount of 
data transferred can help to further minimize costs and improve performance. Additionally, using 
a private subnet helps to ensure that the EC2 instances are not directly accessible from the public 
internet, which is a security best practice. 
 
 
QUESTION 451 
A company is building a mobile app on AWS. The company wants to expand its reach to millions 
of users. The company needs to build a platform so that authorized users can watch the 
company's content on their mobile devices. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Publish content to a public Amazon S3 bucket. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
keys to stream content. 
B. Set up IPsec VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream content. 
C. Use Amazon CloudFront Provide signed URLs to stream content. 
D. Set up AWS Client VPN between the mobile app and the AWS environment to stream content. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) that securely delivers data, videos, 
applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency and high transfer speeds. 
CloudFront supports signed URLs that provide authorized access to your content. This feature 
allows the company to control who can access their content and for how long, providing a secure 
and scalable solution for millions of users. 
https://www.amazonaws.cn/en/cloudfront/ 
 
 
QUESTION 452 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
223 
A company is hosting a three-tier ecommerce application in the AWS Cloud. The company hosts 
the website on Amazon S3 and integrates the website with an API that handles sales requests. 
The company hosts the API on three Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load 
Balancer (ALB). The API consists of static and dynamic front-end content along with backend 
workers that process sales requests asynchronously. 
 
The company is expecting a significant and sudden increase in the number of sales requests 
during events for the launch of new products. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to ensure that all the requests are processed 
successfully? 
 
A. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the dynamic content. Increase the number of EC2 
instances to handle the increase in traffic. 
B. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the static content. Place the EC2 instances in an Auto 
Scaling group to launch new instances based on network traffic. 
C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the dynamic content. Add an Amazon ElastiCache 
instance in front of the ALB to reduce traffic for the API to handle. 
D. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the static content. Add an Amazon Simple Queue 
Service (Amazon SOS) queue to receive requests from the website for later processing by the 
EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Static content can include images and style sheets that are the same across all users and are 
best cached at the edges of the content distribution network (CDN). Dynamic content includes 
information that changes frequently or is personalized based on user preferences, behavior, 
location or other factors - all content is sales requests. 
 
 
QUESTION 453 
A companys web application consists of an Amazon API Gateway API in front of an AWS 
Lambda function and an Amazon DynamoDB database. The Lambda function handles the 
business logic, and the DynamoDB table hosts the data. The application uses Amazon Cognito 
user pools to identify the individual users of the application. A solutions architect needs to update 
the application so that only users who have a subscription can access premium content. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Enable API caching and throttling on the API Gateway API. 
B. Set up AWS WAF on the API Gateway API Create a rule to filter users who have a subscription. 
C. Apply fine-grained IAM permissions to the premium content in the DynamoDB table. 
D. Implement API usage plans and API keys to limit the access of users who do not have a 
subscription. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To meet the requirement with the least operational overhead, you can implement API usage 
plans and API keys to limit the access of users who do not have a subscription. This way, you 
can control access to your API Gateway APIs by requiring clients to submit valid API keys with 
requests. You can associate usage plans with API keys to configure throttling and quota limits on 
individual client accounts. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-api-usage-
plans.html 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
224 
 
QUESTION 454 
A company's application runs on AWS. The application stores large documents in an Amazon S3 
bucket that uses the S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3 Standerd-IA) storage class. The 
company will continue paying to store the data but wants to save on its total S3 costs. The 
company wants authorized external users to have the ability to access the documents in 
milliseconds. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure the S3 bucket to be a Requester Pays bucket. 
B. Change the storage tier to S3 Standard for all existing and future objects. 
C. Turn on S3 Transfer Acceleration tor the S3 Docket. 
D. Use Amazon CloudFront to handle all the requests to the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 455 
A company recently created a disaster recovery site in a different AWS Region. The company 
needs to transfer large amounts of data back and forth between NFS file systems in the two 
Regions on a periodic basis. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync. 
B. Use AWS Snowball devices 
C. Set up an SFTP server on Amazon EC2 
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS DataSync is a fully managed data transfer service that simplifies moving large amounts of 
data between on-premises storage systems and AWS services. It can also transfer data between 
different AWS services, including different AWS Regions. DataSync provides a simple, scalable, 
and automated solution to transfer data, and it minimizes the operational overhead because it is 
fully managed by AWS. 
 
 
QUESTION 456 
A company has an On-premises volume backup solution that has reached its end of life. The 
company wants to use AWS as part of a new backup solution and wants to maintain local access 
to all the data while it is backed up on AWS. The company wants to ensure that the data backed 
up on AWS is automatically and securely transferred. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Snowball to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. Configure on-
premises systems to mount the Snowball S3 endpoint to provide local access to the data. 
B. Use AWS Snowball Edge to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. Use the 
Snowball Edge file interface to provide on-premises systems with local access to the data. 
C. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a cached volume gateway. Run the Storage Gateway 
software application on premises and configure a percentage of data to cache locally. Mount the 
gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
225 
D. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a stored volume gateway. Run the Storage software 
application on premises and map the gateway storage volumes to on-premises storage. Mount 
the gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/vgw/WhatIsStorageGateway.html 
 
 
QUESTION 457 
A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs to implement a 
disaster recovery (DR) solution for the application. The DR solution needs to have a recovery 
time objective (RTO) of less than 4 hours. The DR solution also needs to use the fewest possible 
AWS resources during normal operations. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a 
secondary AWS Region. Automate infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region by using 
AWS Lambda and custom scripts. 
B. Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a 
secondary AWS Region. Automate infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region by using 
AWS CloudFormation. 
C. Launch EC2 instances in a secondary AWS Region. Keep the EC2 instances in the secondary 
Region active at all times. 
D. Launch EC2 instances in a secondary Availability Zone. Keep the EC2 instances in the secondary 
Availability Zone active at all times. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Option B would be the most operationally efficient solution for implementing a DR solution for the 
application, meeting the requirement of an RTO of less than 4 hours and using the fewest 
possible AWS resources during normal operations. 
By creating Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances and copying them to a 
secondary AWS Region, the company can ensure that they have a reliable backup in the event of 
a disaster. By using AWS CloudFormation to automate infrastructure deployment in the 
secondary Region, the company can minimize the amount of time and effort required to set up 
the DR solution. 
 
 
QUESTION 458 
A company hosts a multiplayer gaming application on AWS. The company wants the application 
to read data with sub-millisecond latency and run one-time queries on historical data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon RDS for data that is frequently accessed. Run a periodic custom script to export the 
data to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
B. Store the data directly in an Amazon S3 bucket. Implement an S3 Lifecycle policy to move older 
data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive for long-term storage. Run one-time queries on the data in 
Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena 
C. Use Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for data that is frequently accessed. 
Export the data to an Amazon S3 bucket by using DynamoDB table export. Run one-time queries 
on the data in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
226 
D. Use Amazon DynamoDB for data that is frequently accessed. Turn on streaming to Amazon 
Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to read the data from Kinesis Data 
Streams. Store the records in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
DynamoDB supports some of the world's largest scale applications by providing consistent, 
single-digit millisecond response times at any scale. You can build applications with virtually 
unlimited throughput and storage. 
https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/dax/?nc1=h_ls 
 
 
QUESTION 459 
A company has a regional subscription-based streaming service that runs in a single AWS 
Region. The architecture consists of web servers and application servers on Amazon EC2 
instances. The EC2 instances are in Auto Scaling groups behind Elastic Load Balancers. The 
architecture includes an Amazon Aurora database cluster that extends across multiple Availability 
Zones. 
 
The company wants to expand globally and to ensure that its application has minimal downtime. 
 
A. Extend the Auto Scaling groups for the web tier and the application tier to deploy instances in 
Availability Zones in a second Region. Use an Aurora global database to deploy the database in 
the primary Region and the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a failover 
routing policy to the second Region. 
B. Deploy the web tier and the application tier to a second Region. Add an Aurora PostgreSQL 
cross-Region Aurara Replica in the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a 
failovers routing policy to the second Region, Promote the secondary to primary as needed. 
C. Deploy the web tier and the applicatin tier to a second Region. Create an Aurora PostSQL 
database in the second Region. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to replicate 
the primary database to the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a failover 
routing policy to the second Region. 
D. Deploy the web tier and the application tier to a second Region. Use an Amazon Aurora global 
database to deploy the database in the primary Region and the second Region. Use Amazon 
Route 53 health checks with a failover routing policy to the second Region. Promote the 
secondary to primary as needed. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 460 
A company wants to configure its Amazon CloudFront distribution to use SSL/TLS certificates. 
The company does not want to use the default domain name for the distribution. Instead, the 
company wants to use a different domain name for the distribution. 
 
Which solution will deploy the certificate with icurring any additional costs? 
 
A. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-
east-1 Region. 
B. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-
west-1 Region. 
C. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACU) in the us-east-
1 Region. 
D. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACU) in the us-

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
227 
west-1 Regon. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 461 
A solutions architect is designing a companys disaster recovery (DR) architecture. The company 
has a MySQL database that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet with scheduled 
backup. The DR design needs to include multiple AWS Regions. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Migrate the MySQL database to multiple EC2 instances. Configure a standby EC2 instance in the 
DR Region Turn on replication. 
B. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS. Use a Multi-AZ deployment. Turn on read 
replication for the primary DB instance in the different Availability Zones. 
C. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon Aurora global database. Host the primary DB cluster 
in the primary Region. Host the secondary DB cluster in the DR Region. 
D. Store the schedule backup of the MySQL database in an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured for 
S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR). Use the data backup to restore the database in the DR 
Region. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Aurora.Replication.html 
 
 
QUESTION 462 
A rapidly growing global ecommerce company is hosting its web application on AWS. The web 
application includes static content and dynamic content. The website stores online transaction 
processing (OLTP) data in an Amazon RDS database. The website's users are experiencing slow 
page loads. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to resolve this issue? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Configure an Amazon Redshift cluster. 
B. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution 
C. Host the dynamic web content in Amazon S3 
D. Create a read replica for the RDS DB instance. 
E. Configure a Multi-AZ deployment for the RDS DB instance 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
To resolve the issue of slow page loads for a rapidly growing e-commerce website hosted on 
AWS, a solutions architect can take the following two actions: 
1. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution 
2. Create a read replica for the RDS DB instance 
 
Configuring an Amazon Redshift cluster is not relevant to this issue since Redshift is a data 
warehousing service and is typically used for the analytical processing of large amounts of data. 
Hosting the dynamic web content in Amazon S3 may not necessarily improve performance since 
S3 is an object storage service, not a web application server. While S3 can be used to host static 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
228 
web content, it may not be suitable for hosting dynamic web content since S3 doesn't support 
server-side scripting or processing. 
Configuring a Multi-AZ deployment for the RDS DB instance will improve high availability but may 
not necessarily improve performance. 
 
 
QUESTION 463 
A solutions architect wants all new users to have specific complexity requirements and mandatory 
rotation periods tor IAM user passwords. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Set an overall password policy for the entire AWS account. 
B. Set a password policy for each IAM user in the AWS account. 
C. Use third-party vendor software to set password requirements. 
D. Attach an Amazon CloudWatch rule to the Create_newuser event to set the password with the 
appropriate requirements. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
To accomplish this, the solutions architect should set an overall password policy for the entire 
AWS account. This policy will apply to all IAM users in the account, including new users. 
 
 
QUESTION 464 
A company wants to deploy a new public web application on AWS. The application includes a 
web server tier that uses Amazon EC2 instances. The application also includes a database tier 
that uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. 
 
The application must be secure and accessible for global customers that have dynamic IP 
addresses. 
 
How should a solutions architect configure the security groups to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the security group tor the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from 
0.0.0.0/0. Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 
from the security group of the web servers. 
B. Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from the IP 
addresses of the customers. Configure the security group for the DB instance lo allow inbound 
traffic on port 3306 from the security group of the web servers. 
C. Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from the IP 
addresses of the customers. Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound 
traffic on port 3306 from the IP addresses of the customers. 
D. Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from 
0.0.0.0.0. Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 
from 0.0.0.0/0. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 465 
A company is planning to migrate a commercial off-the-shelf application from is on-premises data 
center to AWS. The software has a software licensing model using sockets and cores with 
predictable capacity and uptime requirements. The company wants to use its existing licenses, 
which were purchased earlier this year. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
229 
 
Which Amazon EC2 pricing option is the MOST cost-effective? 
 
A. Dedicated Reserved Hosts 
B. Dedicated On-Demand Hosts 
C. Dedicated Reserved Instances 
D. Dedicated On-Demand Instances 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Dedicated Host Reservations provide a billing discount compared to running On-Demand 
Dedicated Hosts. Reservations are available in three payment options. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/dedicated-hosts-overview.html 
 
 
QUESTION 466 
An ecommerce company is experiencing an increase in user traffic. The company's store is 
deployed on Amazon EC2 instances as a two-tier web application consisting of a web tier and a 
separate database tier. As traffic increases, the company notices that the architecture is causing 
significant delays in sending timely marketing and order confirmation email to users. The 
company wants to reduce the time it spends resolving complex email delivery issues and 
minimize operational overhead. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing. 
B. Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES). 
C. Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon 
SNS). 
D. Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing. Place the 
instances in an Auto Scaling group. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon SES is a cost-effective and scalable email service that enables businesses to send and 
receive email using their own email addresses and domains. Configuring the web instance to 
send email through Amazon SES is a simple and effective solution that can reduce the time spent 
resolving complex email delivery issues and minimize operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 467 
A company is deploying a two-tier web application in a VPC. The web tier is using an Amazon 
EC2 Auto Scaling group with public subnets that span multiple Availability Zones. The database 
tier consists of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in separate private subnets. The web tier 
requires access to the database to retrieve product information. 
 
The web application is not working as intended. The web application reports that it cannot 
connect to the database. The database is confirmed to be up and running. All configurations for 
the network ACLs, security groups, and route tables are still in their default states. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to fix the application? 
 
A. Add an explicit rule to the private subnet's network ACL to allow traffic from the web tier's EC2 
instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
230 
B. Add a route in the VPC route table to allow traffic between the web tiers EC2 instances and the 
database tier. 
C. Deploy the web tier's EC2 instances and the database tier's RDS instance into two separate 
VPCs and configure VPC peering. 
D. Add an inbound rule to the security group of the database tier's RDS instance to allow traffic from 
the web tier's security group. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
By default, all inbound traffic to an RDS instance is blocked. Therefore, an inbound rule needs to 
be added to the security group of the RDS instance to allow traffic from the security group of the 
web tier's EC2 instances. 
 
 
QUESTION 468 
A company is running a multi-tier ecommerce web application in the AWS Cloud. The application 
runs on Amazon EC2 instances with an Amazon RDS for MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. Amazon 
RDS is configured with the latest generation DB instance with 2,000 GB of storage in a General 
Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. The database 
performance affects the application during periods of high demand. 
 
A database administrator analyzes the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs and discovers that the 
application performance always degrades when the number of read and write IOPS is higher than 
20,000. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to improve the application performance? 
 
A. Replace the volume with a magnetic volume. 
B. Increase the number of IOPS on the gp3 volume. 
C. Replace the volume with a Provisioned IOPS SSD (Io2) volume. 
D. Replace the 2,000 GB gp3 volume with two 1,000 GB gp3 volumes. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To improve the application performance, you can replace the 2,000 GB gp3 volume with two 
1,000 GB gp3 volumes. This will increase the number of IOPS available to the database and 
improve performance. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Storage.html 
 
 
QUESTION 469 
A company is deploying a new application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application writes data 
to Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. The company needs to ensure that all 
data that is written to the EBS volumes is encrypted at rest. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement? 
 
A. Create an IAM role that specifies EBS encryption. Attach the role to the EC2 instances. 
B. Create the EBS volumes as encrypted volumes. Attach the EBS volumes to the EC2 instances. 
C. Create an EC2 instance tag that has a key of Encrypt and a value of True. Tag all instances that 
require encryption at the ESS level. 
D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key policy that enforces EBS encryption 
in the account Ensure that the key policy is active. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
231 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
When you create an EBS volume, you can specify whether to encrypt the volume. If you choose 
to encrypt the volume, all data written to the volume is automatically encrypted at rest using 
AWS-managed keys. You can also use customer-managed keys (CMKs) stored in AWS KMS to 
encrypt and protect your EBS volumes. You can create encrypted EBS volumes and attach them 
to EC2 instances to ensure that all data written to the volumes is encrypted at rest. 
 
 
QUESTION 470 
A company is moving its data management application to AWS. The company wants to transition 
to an event-driven architecture. The architecture needs to be more distributed and to use 
serverless concepts while performing the different aspects of the workflow. The company also 
wants to minimize operational overhead. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Build out the workflow in AWS Glue. Use AWS Glue to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process 
the workflow slaps. 
B. Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 Instances. 
Use Step Functions to invoke the workflow steps on the EC2 instances. 
C. Build out the workflow in Amazon EventBridge. Use EventBridge to invoke AWS Lambda 
functions on a schedule to process the workflow steps. 
D. Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions. Use Step Functions to create a state machine. 
Use the state machine to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process the workflow steps. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Step 3: Create a State Machine 
Use the Step Functions console to create a state machine that invokes the Lambda function that 
you created earlier in Step 1. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/tutorial-creating-lambda-state-
machine.html 
In Step Functions, a workflow is called a state machine, which is a series of event-driven steps. 
Each step in a workflow is called a state. 
 
 
QUESTION 471 
An image-hosting company stores its objects in Amazon S3 buckets. The company wants to 
avoid accidental exposure of the objects in the S3 buckets to the public. All S3 objects in the 
entire AWS account need to remain private. 
 
Which solution will meal these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor S3 bucket policies. Create an automatic remediation action 
rule that uses an AWS Lambda function to remediate any change that makes the objects public. 
B. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to find publicly accessible S3 Dockets. Configure email notifications In 
Trusted Advisor when a change is detected manually change the S3 bucket policy if it allows 
public access. 
C. Use AWS Resource Access Manager to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Use Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a change it 
detected. Deploy a Lambda function that programmatically remediates the change. 
D. Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a 
service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users from changing the setting. Apply tie SCP to 
tie account. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
232 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/access-control-block-public-
access.html 
 
 
QUESTION 472 
A financial company hosts a web application on AWS. The application uses an Amazon API 
Gateway Regional API endpoint to give users the ability to retrieve current stock prices. The 
company's security team has noticed an increase in the number of API requests. The security 
team is concerned that HTTP flood attacks might take the application offline. 
A solutions architect must design a solution to protect the application from this type of attack. 
 
Which solution meats these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint with 
a maximum TTL of 24 hours. 
B. Create a Regional AWS WAF web ACL with a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the 
API Gateway stage. 
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the Count metric and alert the security team when 
the predefined rate is reached. 
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with Lambda@Edge in front of the API Gateway 
Regional API endpoint. Create an AWS Lambda function to block requests from IP addresses 
that exceed the predefined rate. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
A rate-based rule in AWS WAF allows the security team to configure thresholds that trigger rate-
based rules, which enable AWS WAF to track the rate of requests for a specified time period and 
then block them automatically when the threshold is exceeded. This provides the ability to 
prevent HTTP flood attacks with minimal operational overhead. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/web-acl.html 
 
 
QUESTION 473 
A payment processing company records all voice communication with its customers and stores 
the audio files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to capture the text from the audio 
files. The company must remove from the text any personally identifiable information (Pll) that 
belongs to customers. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Process the audio files by using Amazon Kinesis Video Streams. Use an AWS Lambda function 
to scan for known Pll patterns. 
B. When an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start an 
Amazon Textract task to analyze the call recordings. 
C. Configure an Amazon Transcribe transcription job with Pll redaction turned on. When an audio file 
is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start the transcription job. Store 
the output in a separate S3 bucket. 
D. Create an Amazon Connect contact flow that ingests the audio files with transcription turned on. 
Embed an AWS Lambda function to scan for known Pll patterns. Use Amazon EventBridge 
(Amazon CloudWatch Events) to start the contact flow when an audio file is uploaded to the S3 
bucket. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
233 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 474 
A company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The company already uses 
several Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon RDS DB instances. The company wants a solution 
that automatically starts and stops the EC2 instances and D6 instances outside of business 
hours. The solution must minimize cost and infrastructure maintenance. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirement? 
 
A. Scale the EC2 instances by using elastic resize Scale the DB instances to zero outside of 
business hours. 
B. Explore AWS Marketplace for partner solutions that will automatically start and stop the EC2 
Instances and OB instances on a schedule. 
C. Launch another EC2 instance. Configure a crontab schedule to run shell scripts that will start and 
stop the existing EC2 instances and DB instances on a schedule. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that will start and stop the EC2 instances and DB instances. 
Configure Amazon EventBridge to invoke the Lambda function on a schedule. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The most efficient solution for automatically starting and stopping EC2 instances and DB 
instances on a schedule while minimizing cost and infrastructure maintenance is to create an 
AWS Lambda function and configure Amazon EventBridge to invoke the function on a schedule. 
 
 
QUESTION 475 
A company hosts a three-tier ecommerce application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The 
instances run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). All 
ecommerce data is stored in an Amazon RDS for ManaDB Multi-AZ DB instance. The company 
wants to optimize customer session management during transactions. The application must store 
session data durably. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Turn on the sticky sessions feature (session affinity) on the ALB 
B. Use an Amazon DynamoDB table to store customer session information 
C. Deploy an Amazon Cognito user pool to manage user session information 
D. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to store customer session information 
E. Use AWS Systems Manager Application Manager in the application to manage user session 
information 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/caching/session-management/ 
 
 
QUESTION 476 
An ecommerce company needs to run a scheduled daily job to aggregate and filter sales records 
for analytics. The company stores the sales records in an Amazon S3 bucket. Each object can be 
up to 10 GB in size. Based on the number of sales events, the job can take up to an hour to 
complete. The CPU and memory usage of the job are constant and are known in advance. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
234 
A solutions architect needs to minimize the amount of operational effort that is needed for the job 
to run. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function that has an Amazon EventBridge notification. Schedule the 
EventBridge event to run once a day. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function. Create an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API, and integrate the 
API with the function. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled avert that calls the API and 
invokes the function. 
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an AWS Fargate launch 
type. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster 
to run the job. 
D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) duster with an Amazon EC2 launch 
type and an Auto Scaling group with at least one EC2 instance. Create an Amazon EventBridge 
scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the duster to run the job. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 477 
A solutions architect must migrate a Windows Internet Information Services (IIS) web application 
to AWS. The application currently relies on a file share hosted in the user's on-premises network-
attached storage (NAS). The solutions architect has proposed migrating the MS web servers to 
Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones that are connected to the storage solution, 
and configuring an Elastic Load Balancer attached to the instances. 
Which replacement to the on-premises file share is MOST resilient and durable? 
 
A. Migrate the file share to Amazon RDS 
B. Migrate the file share to AWS Storage Gateway 
C. Migrate the file share to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server 
D. Migrate the file share to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon FSx makes it easy and cost effective to launch, run, and scale feature-rich, high-
performance file systems in the cloud. 
 
 
QUESTION 478 
A company wants to restrict access to the content of one of its man web applications and to 
protect the content by using authorization techniques available on AWS. The company wants to 
implement a serverless architecture end an authentication solution for fewer tian 100 users. The 
solution needs to integrate with the main web application and serve web content globally. The 
solution must also scale as to company's user base grows while providing lowest login latency 
possible. 
 
A. Use Amazon Cognito tor authentication. Use Lambda#Edge tor authorization. Use Amazon 
CloudFront 10 serve the web application globally. 
B. Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory tor authentication. Use AWS Lambda 
for authorization. Use an Application Load Balancer to serve the web application globally. 
C. Usa Amazon Cognito for authentication. Use AWS Lambda tor authorization. Use Amazon S3 
Transfer Acceleration 10 serve the web application globally. 
D. Use AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Use Lambda@Edge 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
235 
for authorization. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to serve the web application. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 479 
An ecommerce company is building a distributed application that involves several serverless 
functions and AWS services to complete order-processing tasks. These tasks require manual 
approvals as part of the workflow. A solutions architect needs to design an architecture for the 
order-processing application. The solution must be able to combine multiple AWS Lambda 
functions into responsive serverless applications. The solution also must orchestrate data and 
services that run on Amazon EC2 instances, containers, or on-premises servers. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Step Functions to build the application. 
B. Integrate all the application components in an AWS Glue job 
C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to build the application 
D. Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) events to 
build the application 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Step Functions is a fully managed service that makes it easy to build applications by 
coordinating the components of distributed applications and microservices using visual workflows. 
With Step Functions, you can combine multiple AWS Lambda functions into responsive 
serverless applications and orchestrate data and services that run on Amazon EC2 instances, 
containers, or on-premises servers. Step Functions also allows for manual approvals as part of 
the workflow. This solution meets all the requirements with the least operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 480 
A company is using Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to its UDP-based 
application for users around the world. The application is hosted on redundant servers in the 
company's on-premises data centers in the United States. Asia, and Europe. The company's 
compliance requirements state that the application must be hosted on premises. The company 
wants to improve the performance and availability of the application. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. A Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-
premises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator, and register the 
NLBs as its endpoints. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the 
accelerator DNS. 
B. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-
premises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator and register the 
ALBs as its endpoints. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the 
accelerator DNS. 
C. Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-
premises endpoints. In Route 53, create a latency-based record that points to the three NLBs. 
and use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution Provide access to the application by 
using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS. 
D. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-
premises endpoints. In Route 53 create a latency-based record that points to the three ALBs and 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
236 
use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Provide access to the application by 
using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS.v 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Q: How is AWS Global Accelerator different from Amazon CloudFront? 
A: AWS Global Accelerator and Amazon CloudFront are separate services that use the AWS 
global network and its edge locations around the world. CloudFront improves performance for 
both cacheable content (such as images and videos) and dynamic content (such as API 
acceleration and dynamic site delivery). Global Accelerator improves performance for a wide 
range of applications over TCP or UDP by proxying packets at the edge to applications running in 
one or more AWS Regions. Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as 
gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP, as well as for HTTP use cases that specifically 
require static IP addresses or deterministic, fast regional failover. Both services integrate with 
AWS Shield for DDoS protection. 
 
 
QUESTION 481 
A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 Linux instances across multiple Availability 
Zones. The application needs a storage layer that is highly available and Portable Operating 
System Interface (POSIX)-compliant. The storage layer must provide maximum data durability 
and must be shareable across the EC2 instances. The data in the storage layer will be accessed 
frequently for the first 30 days and will be accessed infrequently after that time. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move infrequently 
accessed data to S3 Glacier. 
B. Use the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move infrequently 
accessed data to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (EF3 Standard-IA). 
C. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard storage class. Create a Lifecycle 
management policy to move infrequently accessed data to EFS Standard-Infrequent Access (EFS 
Standard-IA). 
D. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) One Zone storage class. Create a Lifecycle 
management policy to move infrequently accessed data to EFS One Zone-Infrequent Access 
(EFS One Zone-IA). 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/efs/features/infrequent-access/ 
 
 
QUESTION 482 
A company wants to migrate its 1 PB on-premises image repository to AWS. The images will be 
used by a serverless web application. Images stored in the repository are rarely accessed, but 
they must be immediately available Additionally, the images must be encrypted at rest and 
protected from accidental deletion. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Implement client-side encryption and store the images in an Amazon S3 Glacier vault. Set a vault 
lock to prevent accidental deletion. 
B. Store the images in an Amazon S3 bucket in the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-
IA) storage class. Enable versioning default encryption and MFA Delete on the S3 bucket. 
C. Store the images in an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file share. Configure the Amazon 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
237 
FSx file share to use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) 
to encrypt the images in the file share. Use NTFS permission sets on the images to prevent 
accidental deletion. 
D. Store the images in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file share in the Infrequent 
Access storage class. Configure the EFS file share to use an AWS Key Management Service 
(AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) to encrypt the images in the file share. Use NFS 
permission sets on the images to prevent accidental deletion. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 483 
A company runs an application that receives data from thousands of geographically dispersed 
remote devices that use UDP. The application processes the data immediately and sends a 
message back to the device if necessary. No data is stored. 
 
The company needs a solution that minimizes latency for the data transmission from the devices. 
The solution also must provide rapid failover to another AWS Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in 
each of the two Regions. Configure the NLB to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the 
data. 
B. Use AWS Global Accelerator. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in each of the two Regions 
as an endpoint. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the 
Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target for 
the NLProcess the data in Amazon ECS. 
C. Use AWS Global Accelerator Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in each of the two 
Regions as an endpoint. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with 
the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target 
for the ALB Process the data in Amazon ECS. 
D. Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy. Create an Application Load Balancer 
(ALB) in each of the two Regions. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) 
cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set the ECS service 
as the target for the ALB Process the data in Amazon ECS. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Geographically dispersed (related to UDP) - Global Accelerator - multiple entrances worldwide to 
the AWS network to provide better transfer rates. 
UDP - NLB (Network Load Balancer). 
 
 
QUESTION 484 
An ecommerce company is running a multi-tier application on AWS. The front-end and backend 
tiers both run on Amazon EC2, and the database runs on Amazon RDS for MySQL. The backend 
tier communicates with the RDS instance. There are frequent calls to return identical datasets 
from the database that are causing performance slowdowns. 
 
Which action should be taken to improve the performance of the backend? 
 
A. Implement Amazon SNS to store the database calls. 
B. Implement Amazon ElasticCache to cache the large database. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
238 
C. Implement an RDS for MySQL read replica to cache database calls. 
D. Implement Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the calls to the database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Key term is identical datasets from the database it means caching can solve this issue by cached 
in frequently used dataset from DB. 
 
 
QUESTION 485 
A hospital is designing a new application that gathers symptoms from patients. The hospital has 
decided to use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) and Amazon Simple Notification 
Service (Amazon SNS) in the architecture. A solutions architect is reviewing the infrastructure 
design Data must be encrypted at test and in transit. Only authorized personnel of the hospital 
should be able to access the data. 
 
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Turn on server-side encryption on the SQS components. Update tie default key policy to restrict 
key usage to a set of authorized principals. 
B. Turn on server-side encryption on the SNS components by using an AWS Key Management 
Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply a key policy to restrict key usage to a set of 
authorized principals. 
C. Turn on encryption on the SNS components. Update the default key policy to restrict key usage to 
a set of authorized principals. Set a condition in the topic pokey to allow only encrypted 
connections over TLS. 
D. Turn on server-side encryption on the SOS components by using an AWS Key Management 
Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply a key pokey to restrict key usage to a set of 
authorized principals. Set a condition in the queue pokey to allow only encrypted connections 
over TLS. 
E. Turn on server-side encryption on the SOS components by using an AWS Key Management 
Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply an IAM pokey to restrict key usage to a set of 
authorized principals. Set a condition in the queue pokey to allow only encrypted connections 
over TLS. 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
For a customer managed KMS key, you must configure the key policy to add permissions for 
each queue producer and consumer. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-key-
management.html 
 
 
QUESTION 486 
A solutions architect is creating a new VPC design. There are two public subnets for the load 
balancer, two private subnets for web servers, and two private subnets for MySQL. The web 
servers use only HTTPS. The solutions architect has already created a security group for the load 
balancer allowing port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Company policy requires that each resource has the 
least access required to still be able to perform its tasks. 
 
Which additional configuration strategy should the solutions architect use to meet these 
requirements? 
 
A. Create a security group for the web servers and allow port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Create a security 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
239 
group for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group. 
B. Create a network ACL for the web servers and allow port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Create a network 
ACL for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group. 
C. Create a security group for the web servers and allow port 443 from the load balancer. Create a 
security group for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group. 
D. Create a network ACL for the web servers and allow port 443 from the load balancer. Create a 
network ACL for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Load balancer is public facing accepting all traffic coming towards the VPC (0.0.0.0/0). The web 
server needs to trust traffic originating from the ALB. The DB will only trust traffic originating from 
the Web server on port 3306 for Mysql. 
 
 
QUESTION 487 
A company wants to use Amazon S3 for the secondary copy of its on-premises dataset. The 
company would rarely need to access this copy. The storage solution's cost should be minimal. 
 
Which storage solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. S3 Standard 
B. S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
C. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) 
D. S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 488 
A solutions architect is designing a two-tiered architecture that includes a public subnet and a 
database subnet. The web servers in the public subnet must be open to the internet on port 443. 
The Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in the database subnet must be accessible only to the 
web servers on port 3306. 
 
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Create a network ACL for the public subnet. Add a rule to deny outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0 on 
port. 
B. Create a security group for the DB instance. Add a rule to allow traffic from the public subnet 
CIDR block on port 3306. 
C. Create a security group for the web servers in the public subnet. Add a rule to allow traffic from 
0.0.0.0/0 on port 443. 
D. Create a security group for the DB instance. Add a rule to allow traffic from the web servers' 
security group on port 3306. 
E. Create a security group for the DB instance. Add a rule to deny all traffic except traffic from the 
web servers' security group on port 3306. 
 
Answer: CD 
 
 
QUESTION 489 
A company has an application that collects data from loT sensors on automobiles. The data is 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
240 
streamed and stored in Amazon S3 through Amazon Kinesis Date Firehose. The data produces 
trillions of S3 objects each year. Each morning, the company uses the data from the previous 30 
days to retrain a suite of machine learning (ML) models. 
 
Four times each year, the company uses the data from the previous 12 months to perform 
analysis and train other ML models. The data must be available with minimal delay for up to 1 
year. After 1 year, the data must be retained for archival purposes. 
 
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to 
S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. 
B. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to automatically 
move objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. 
C. Use the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle 
policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. 
D. Use the S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days, and then to S3 Glacier Deep Archive 
after 1 year. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 490 
A company recently deployed a new auditing system to centralize information about operating 
system versions patching and installed software for Amazon EC2 instances. A solutions architect 
must ensure all instances provisioned through EC2 Auto Scaling groups successfully send 
reports to the auditing system as soon as they are launched and terminated. 
 
Which solution achieves these goals MOST efficiently? 
 
A. Use a scheduled AWS Lambda function and run a script remotely on all EC2 instances to send 
data to the audit system. 
B. Use EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks to run a custom script to send data to the audit system 
when instances are launched and terminated. 
C. Use an EC2 Auto Scaling launch configuration to run a custom script through user data to send 
data to the audit system when instances are launched and terminated. 
D. Run a custom script on the instance operating system to send data to the audit system. Configure 
the script to be invoked by the EC2 Auto Scaling group when the instance starts and is 
terminated. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling offers the ability to add lifecycle hooks to your Auto Scaling groups. 
These hooks let you create solutions that are aware of events in the Auto Scaling instance 
lifecycle, and then perform a custom action on instances when the corresponding lifecycle event 
occurs. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/lifecycle-hooks.html 
 
 
QUESTION 491 
A company has launched an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. Most of the connections to 
the database come from serverless applications. Application traffic to the database changes 
significantly at random intervals. At limes of high demand, users report that their applications 
experience database connection rejection errors. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
241 
 
Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a proxy in RDS Proxy. Configure the users' applications to use the DB instance through 
RDS Proxy. 
B. Deploy Amazon ElastCache for Memcached between the users' application and the DB instance. 
C. Migrate the DB instance to a different instance class that has higher I/O capacity. Configure the 
users' applications to use the new DB instance. 
D. Configure Multi-AZ for the DB instance. Configure the users' application to switch between the DB 
instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Many applications, including those built on modern serverless architectures, can have a large 
number of open connections to the database server and may open and close database 
connections at a high rate, exhausting database memory and compute resources. Amazon RDS 
Proxy allows applications to pool and share connections established with the database, improving 
database efficiency and application scalability. 
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/rds/proxy/ 
 
 
QUESTION 492 
A solutions architect is designing the architecture for a software demonstration environment. The 
environment will run on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application 
Load Balancer (ALB). The system will experience significant increases in traffic during working 
hours but Is not required to operate on weekends. 
 
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to ensure that the system can 
scale to meet demand? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate. 
B. Use AWS Auto Scaling to scale the capacity of the VPC internet gateway. 
C. Launch the EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions to distribute the load across Regions. 
D. Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU 
utilization. 
E. Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and desired 
capacity to zero for weekends. Revert to the default values at the start of the week. 
 
Answer: DE 
 
 
QUESTION 493 
A company has deployed a serverless application that invokes an AWS Lambda function when 
new documents are uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses the Lambda 
function to process the documents. After a recent marketing campaign, the company noticed that 
the application did not process many of the documents. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to improve the architecture of this application? 
 
A. Set the Lambda function's runtime timeout value to 15 minutes. 
B. Configure an S3 bucket replication policy. Stage the documents m the S3 bucket for later 
processing. 
C. Deploy an additional Lambda function Load balance the processing of the documents across the 
two Lambda functions. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
242 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SOS) queue. Send the requests to the 
queue. Configure the queue as an event source for Lambda. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To improve the architecture of this application, the best solution would be to use Amazon Simple 
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to buffer the requests and decouple the S3 bucket from the 
Lambda function. This will ensure that the documents are not lost and can be processed at a later 
time if the Lambda function is not available. 
 
This will ensure that the documents are not lost and can be processed at a later time if the 
Lambda function is not available. By using Amazon SQS, the architecture is decoupled and the 
Lambda function can process the documents in a scalable and fault-tolerant manner. 
 
 
QUESTION 494 
A developer has an application that uses an AWS Lambda function to upload files to Amazon S3 
and needs the required permissions to perform the task. The developer already has an IAM user 
with valid IAM credentials required for Amazon S3. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to grant the permissions? 
 
A. Add required IAM permissions in the resource policy of the Lambda function. 
B. Create a signed request using the existing IAM credentials in the Lambda function 
C. Create a new IAM user and use the existing IAM credentials in the Lambda function. 
D. Create an IAM execution role with the required permissions and attach the IAM rote to the 
Lambda function. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To grant the necessary permissions to an AWS Lambda function to upload files to Amazon S3, a 
solutions architect should create an IAM execution role with the required permissions and attach 
the IAM role to the Lambda function. This approach follows the principle of least privilege and 
ensures that the Lambda function can only access the resources it needs to perform its specific 
task. 
 
 
QUESTION 495 
A company has a large dataset for its online advertising business stored in an Amazon RDS for 
MySQL DB instance in a single Availability Zone. The company wants business reporting queries 
to run without impacting the write operations to the production DB instance. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy RDS read replicas to process the business reporting queries. 
B. Scale out the DB instance horizontally by placing it behind an Elastic Load Balancer. 
C. Scale up the DB instance to a larger instance type to handle write operations and queries. 
D. Deploy the OB distance in multiple Availability Zones to process the business reporting queries. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 496 
A meteorological startup company has a custom web application to sell weather data to its users 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
243 
online. The company uses Amazon DynamoDB to store is data and wants to build a new service 
that sends an alert to the managers of four Internal teams every time a new weather event is 
recorded. The company does not want true new service to affect the performance of the current 
application. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirement with the LEAST amount of 
operational overhead? 
 
A. Use DynamoDB transactions to write new event data to the table. Configure the transactions to 
notify internal teams. 
B. Have the current application publish a message to four Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topics. Have each team subscribe to one topic. 
C. Enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table. Use triggers to write to a mingle Amazon 
Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to which the teams can subscribe. 
D. Add a custom attribute to each record to flag new items. Write a cron job that scans the table 
every minute for items that are new and notifies an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SOS) queue to which the teams can subscribe. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The best solution to meet these requirements with the least amount of operational overhead is to 
enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table and use triggers to write to a single Amazon 
Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to which the teams can subscribe. This solution 
requires minimal configuration and infrastructure setup, and Amazon DynamoDB Streams 
provide a low-latency way to capture changes to the DynamoDB table. The triggers automatically 
capture the changes and publish them to the SNS topic, which notifies the internal teams. 
 
 
QUESTION 497 
A company is developing a real-time multiplayer game that uses UDP for communications 
between the client and servers. In an Auto Scaling group Spikes in demand are anticipated during 
the day, so the game server platform must adapt accordingly. Developers want to store gamer 
scores and other non-relational data in a database solution that will scale without intervention. 
 
Which solution should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Use Amazon Route 53 for traffic distribution and Amazon Aurora Serverless for data storage. 
B. Use a Network Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon DynamoDB on-demand for data 
storage. 
C. Use a Network Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon Aurora Global Database for data 
storage. 
D. Use an Application Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon DynamoDB global tables for 
data storage. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
A Network Load Balancer can handle UDP traffic, and Amazon DynamoDB on-demand can 
provide automatic scaling without intervention. 
 
 
QUESTION 498 
A company needs to create an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster to host 
a digital media streaming application. The EKS cluster will use a managed node group that is 
backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes for storage. The company must 
encrypt all data at rest by using a customer managed key that is stored in AWS Key Management 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
244 
Service (AWS KMS). 
 
Which combination of actions will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Use a Kubernetes plugin that uses the customer managed key to perform data encryption. 
B. After creation of the EKS cluster, locate the EBS volumes. Enable encryption by using the 
customer managed key. 
C. Enable EBS encryption by default in the AWS Region where the EKS cluster will be created. 
Select the customer managed key as the default key. 
D. Create the EKS cluster. Create an IAM role that has a policy that grants permission to the 
customer managed key. Associate the role with the EKS cluster. 
E. Store the customer managed key as a Kubernetes secret in the EKS cluster. Use the customer 
managed key to encrypt the EBS volumes. 
 
Answer: CD 
 
 
QUESTION 499 
A company has a web application with sporadic usage patterns. There is heavy usage at the 
beginning of each month moderate usage at the start of each week and unpredictable usage 
during the week. The application consists of a web server and a MySQL database server running 
inside the data center. The company would like to move the application to the AWS Cloud and 
needs to select a cost-effective database platform that will not require database modifications. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon DynamoDB 
B. Amazon RDS for MySQL 
C. MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless 
D. MySQL deployed on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon RDS for MySQL is a fully-managed relational database service that makes it easy to set 
up, operate, and scale MySQL deployments in the cloud. Amazon Aurora Serverless is an on-
demand, auto-scaling configuration for Amazon Aurora (MySQL-compatible edition), where the 
database will automatically start up, shut down, and scale capacity up or down based on your 
applications needs. It is a simple, cost-effective option for infrequent, intermittent, or 
unpredictable workloads. 
 
 
QUESTION 500 
A company uses a payment processing system that requires messages for a particular payment 
ID to be received in the same order that they were sent. Otherwise, the payments might be 
processed incorrectly. 
 
Which actions should a solutions architect take to meet this requirement? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Write the messages to an Amazon DynamoDB table with the payment ID as the partition key 
B. Write the messages to an Amazon Kinesis data stream with the payment ID as the partition key. 
C. Write the messages to an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster with the payment ID as 
the key. 
D. Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Set the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
245 
message attribute to use the payment ID. 
E. Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Set the 
message group to use the payment ID. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 501 
An IAM user made several configuration changes to AWS resources in their company's account 
during a production deployment last week. A solutions architect learned that a couple of security 
group rules are not configured as desired. The solutions architect wants to confirm which IAM 
user was responsible for making changes. 
 
Which service should the solutions architect use to find the desired information? 
 
A. Amazon GuardDuty 
B. Amazon Inspector 
C. AWS CloudTrail 
D. AWS Config 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The best option is to use AWS CloudTrail to find the desired information. AWS CloudTrail is a 
service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of AWS 
account activities. CloudTrail can be used to log all changes made to resources in an AWS 
account, including changes made by IAM users, EC2 instances, AWS management console, and 
other AWS services. By using CloudTrail, the solutions architect can identify the IAM user who 
made the configuration changes to the security group rules. 
 
 
QUESTION 502 
A company runs a public three-Tier web application in a VPC. The application runs on Amazon 
EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances that run in private subnets 
need to communicate with a license server over the internet. The company needs a managed 
solution that minimizes operational maintenance. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Provision a NAT instance in a public subnet. Modify each private subnets route table with a 
default route that points to the NAT instance. 
B. Provision a NAT instance in a private subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a 
default route that points to the NAT instance. 
C. Provision a NAT gateway in a public subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a 
default route that points to the NAT gateway. 
D. Provision a NAT gateway in a private subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a 
default route that points to the NAT gateway. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
As the company needs a managed solution that minimizes operational maintenance - NAT 
Gateway is a public subnet is the answer. 
 
 
QUESTION 503 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
246 
A company needs to transfer 600 TB of data from its on-premises network-attached storage 
(NAS) system to the AWS Cloud. The data transfer must be complete within 2 weeks. The data is 
sensitive and must be encrypted in transit. The company's internet connection can support an 
upload speed of 100 Mbps. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 multi-part upload functionality to transfer the fees over HTTPS. 
B. Create a VPN connection between the on-premises NAS system and the nearest AWS Region. 
Transfer the data over the VPN connection. 
C. Use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized 
devices. Use the devices to transfer the data to Amazon S3. 
D. Set up a 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection between the company location and the 
nearest AWS Region. Transfer the data over a VPN connection into the Region to store the data 
in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The best option is to use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge 
Storage Optimized devices and use the devices to transfer the data to Amazon S3. Snowball 
Edge is a petabyte-scale data transfer device that can help transfer large amounts of data 
securely and quickly. Using Snowball Edge can be the most cost-effective solution for transferring 
large amounts of data over long distances and can help meet the requirement of transferring 600 
TB of data within two weeks. 
 
 
QUESTION 504 
A company needs a backup strategy for its three-tier stateless web application. The web 
application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group with a dynamic scaling 
policy that is configured to respond to scaling events. The database tier runs on Amazon RDS for 
PostgreSQL. The web application does not require temporary local storage on the EC2 instances. 
The companys recovery point objective (RPO) is 2 hours. 
 
The backup strategy must maximize scalability and optimize resource utilization for this 
environment. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Take snapshots of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes of the EC2 instances and 
database every 2 hours to meet the RPO. 
B. Configure a snapshot lifecycle policy to take Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
snapshots. Enable automated backups in Amazon RDS to meet the RPO. 
C. Retain the latest Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) of the web and application tiers. Enable 
automated backups in Amazon RDS and use point-in-time recovery to meet the RPO. 
D. Take snapshots of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes of the EC2 instances 
every 2 hours. Enable automated backups in Amazon RDS and use point-in-time recovery to 
meet the RPO. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The web application does not require temporary local storage on the EC2 instances => No EBS 
snapshot is required, retaining the latest AMI is enough. 
 
 
QUESTION 505 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
247 
A company needs to ingest and handle large amounts of streaming data that its application 
generates. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances and sends data to Amazon Kinesis 
Data Streams, which is configured with default settings. Every other day, the application 
consumes the data and writes the data to an Amazon S3 bucket for business intelligence (BI) 
processing. The company observes that Amazon S3 is not receiving all the data that the 
application sends to Kinesis Data Streams. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Update the Kinesis Data Streams default settings by modifying the data retention period. 
B. Update the application to use the Kinesis Producer Library (KPL) lo send the data to Kinesis Data 
Streams. 
C. Update the number of Kinesis shards lo handle the throughput of me data that is sent to Kinesis 
Data Streams. 
D. Turn on S3 Versioning within the S3 bucket to preserve every version of every object that is 
ingested in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/streams/latest/dev/kinesis-extended-retention.html 
The question mentioned Kinesis data stream default settings and "every other day". After 24hrs, 
the data isn't in the Data stream if the default settings is not modified to store data more than 
24hrs. 
 
 
QUESTION 506 
A company has migrated an application to Amazon EC2 Linux instances. One of these EC2 
instances runs several 1-hour tasks on a schedule. These tasks were written by different teams 
and have no common programming language. The company is concerned about performance 
and scalability while these tasks run on a single instance. A solutions architect needs to 
implement a solution to resolve these concerns. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Batch to run the tasks as jobs. Schedule the jobs by using Amazon EventBridge 
(Amazon CloudWatch Events). 
B. Convert the EC2 instance to a container. Use AWS App Runner to create the container on 
demand to run the tasks as jobs. 
C. Copy the tasks into AWS Lambda functions. Schedule the Lambda functions by using Amazon 
EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events). 
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the EC2 instance that runs the tasks. Create an Auto 
Scaling group with the AMI to run multiple copies of the instance. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Lambda functions are short lived; the Lambda max timeout is 900 seconds (15 minutes). This can 
be difficult to manage and can cause issues in production applications. We'll take a look at AWS 
Lambda timeout limits, timeout errors, monitoring timeout errors, and how to apply best practices 
to handle them effectively. 
 
 
QUESTION 507 
A company wants to migrate an Oracle database to AWS. The database consists of a single table 
that contains millions of geographic information systems (GIS) images that are high resolution 
and are identified by a geographic code. When a natural disaster occurs tens of thousands of 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
248 
images get updated every few minutes. Each geographic code has a single image or row that is 
associated with it. The company wants a solution that is highly available and scalable during such 
events. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Store the images and geographic codes in a database table. Use Oracle running on an Amazon 
RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. 
B. Store the images in Amazon S3 buckets. Use Amazon DynamoDB with the geographic code as 
the key and the image S3 URL as the value. 
C. Store the images and geographic codes in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Configure DynamoDB 
Accelerator (DAX) during times of high load. 
D. Store the images in Amazon S3 buckets Store geographic codes and image S3 URLs in a 
database table. Use Oracle running on an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 508 
A company has implemented a self-managed DNS service on AWS. The solution consists of the 
following: 
 
- Amazon EC2 instances in different AWS Regions 
- Endpoints of a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator 
 
The company wants to protect the solution against DDoS attacks. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Add the accelerator as a resource to protect. 
B. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Add the EC2 instances as resources to protect. 
C. Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the 
accelerator. 
D. Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the 
EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Shield is a managed service that provides protection against Distributed Denial of Service 
(DDoS) attacks for applications running on AWS. AWS Shield Standard is automatically enabled 
to all AWS customers at no additional cost. AWS Shield Advanced is an optional paid service. 
AWS Shield Advanced provides additional protections against more sophisticated and larger 
attacks for your applications running on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load 
Balancing (ELB), Amazon CloudFront, AWS Global Accelerator, and Route 53. 
 
 
QUESTION 509 
A gaming company is moving its public scoreboard from a data center to the AWS Cloud. The 
company uses Amazon EC2 Windows Server instances behind an Application Load Balancer to 
host its dynamic application. The company needs a highly available storage solution for the 
application. The application consists of static files and dynamic server-side code. 
 
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
249 
A. Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon CloudFront to cache objects at the edge. 
B. Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache objects at the edge. 
C. Store the server-side code on Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Mount the EFS 
volume on each EC2 instance to share the files. 
D. Store the server-side code on Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Mount the FSx for Windows 
File Server volume on each EC2 instance to share the files. 
E. Store the server-side code on a General Purpose SSD (gp2) Amazon Elastic Block Store 
(Amazon EBS) volume. Mount the EBS volume on each EC2 instance to share the files. 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
https://www.techtarget.com/searchaws/tip/Amazon-FSx-vs-EFS-Compare-the-AWS-file-services 
FSx is built for high performance and submillisecond latency using solid-state drive storage 
volumes. This design enables users to select storage capacity and latency independently. Thus, 
even a subterabyte file system can have 256 Mbps or higher throughput and support volumes up 
to 64 TB. 
 
 
QUESTION 510 
A company is migrating an old application to AWS. The application runs a batch job every hour 
and is CPU intensive. The batch job takes 15 minutes on average with an on-premises server. 
The server has 64 virtual CPU (vCPU) and 512 GiB of memory. 
 
Which solution will run the batch job within 15 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Lambda with functional scaling 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate 
C. Use Amazon Lightsail with AWS Auto Scaling 
D. Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2. AWS Batch is a fully managed batch processing service that 
can be used to easily run batch jobs on Amazon EC2 instances. It can scale the number of 
instances to match the workload, allowing the batch job to be completed in the desired time frame 
with minimal operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 511 
A company hosts a frontend application that uses an Amazon API Gateway API backend that is 
integrated with AWS Lambda. When the API receives requests, the Lambda function loads many 
libraries. Then the Lambda function connects to an Amazon RDS database, processes the data, 
and returns the data to the frontend application. The company wants to ensure that response 
latency is as low as possible for all its users with the fewest number of changes to the company's 
operations. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Establish a connection between the frontend application and the database to make queries faster 
by bypassing the API. 
B. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function that handles the requests. 
C. Cache the results of the queries in Amazon S3 for faster retrieval of similar datasets. 
D. Increase the size of the database to increase the number of connections Lambda can establish at 
one time. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
250 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function that handles the requests. 
Provisioned concurrency allows you to set the amount of compute resources that are available to 
the Lambda function, so that it can handle more requests at once and reduce latency. Caching 
the results of the queries in Amazon S3 could also help to reduce latency, but it would not be as 
effective as setting up provisioned concurrency. Increasing the size of the database would not 
help to reduce latency, as this would not increase the number of connections the Lambda 
function could establish, and establishing a direct connection between the frontend application 
and the database would bypass the API, which would not be the best solution either. 
 
 
QUESTION 512 
A company is building a game system that needs to send unique events to separate leaderboard, 
matchmaking, and authentication services concurrently. The company needs an AWS event-
driven system that guarantees the order of the events. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon EventBridge event bus 
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topics 
C. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) standard topics 
D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queues 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 513 
An ecommerce company is running a multi-tier application on AWS. The front-end and backend 
tiers both run on Amazon EC2, and the database runs on Amazon RDS for MySQL. The backend 
tier communicates with the RDS instance. There are frequent calls to return identical datasets 
from the database that are causing performance slowdowns. 
 
Which action should be taken to improve the performance of the backend? 
 
A. Implement Amazon SNS to store the database calls. 
B. Implement Amazon ElastiCache to cache the large datasets. 
C. Implement an RDS for MySQL read replica to cache database calls. 
D. Implement Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the calls to the database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Key term is identical datasets from the database it means caching can solve this issue by cached 
in frequently used dataset from DB. 
 
 
QUESTION 514 
A new employee has joined a company as a deployment engineer. The deployment engineer will 
be using AWS CloudFormation templates to create multiple AWS resources. A solutions architect 
wants the deployment engineer to perform job activities while following the principle of least 
privilege. 
 
Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to accomplish this goal? 
(Choose two.) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
251 
 
A. Have the deployment engineer use AWS account root user credentials for performing AWS 
CloudFormation stack operations. 
B. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has the 
PowerUsers IAM policy attached. 
C. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has the 
AdministratorAccess IAM policy attached. 
D. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has an 
IAM policy that allows AWS CloudFormation actions only. 
E. Create an IAM role for the deployment engineer to explicitly define the permissions specific to the 
AWS CloudFormation stack and launch stacks using that IAM role. 
 
Answer: DE 
 
 
QUESTION 515 
A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a gaming application that is hosted in 
the AWS Cloud. The company needs the ability to use Lustre clients to access data. The solution 
must be fully managed. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS DataSync task that shares the data as a mountable file system. Mount the file 
system to the application server. 
B. Create an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Create a file share that uses the required client 
protocol. Connect the application server to the file share. 
C. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system, and configure it to support 
Lustre. Attach the file system to the origin server. Connect the application server to the file 
system. 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. Attach the file system to the origin server. Connect 
the application server to the file system. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 516 
A company has a business system that generates hundreds of reports each day. The business 
system saves the reports to a network share in CSV format. The company needs to store this 
data in the AWS Cloud in near-real time for analysis. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3. Create a scheduled task that runs at the 
end of each day. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway. Update the business system to use a new network share 
from the S3 File Gateway. 
C. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3. Create an application that uses the 
DataSync API in the automation workflow. 
D. Deploy an AWS Transfer for SFTP endpoint. Create a script that checks for new files on the 
network share and uploads the new files by using SFTP. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/file/?nc1=h_ls 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
252 
 
 
QUESTION 517 
A company is storing petabytes of data in Amazon S3 Standard. The data is stored in multiple S3 
buckets and is accessed with varying frequency. The company does not know access patterns for 
all the data. The company needs to implement a solution for each S3 bucket to optimize the cost 
of S3 usage. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration with a rule to transition the objects in the S3 bucket to S3 
Intelligent-Tiering. 
B. Use the S3 storage class analysis tool to determine the correct tier for each object in the S3 
bucket. Move each object to the identified storage tier. 
C. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration with a rule to transition the objects in the S3 bucket to S3 
Glacier Instant Retrieval. 
D. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration with a rule to transition the objects in the S3 bucket to S3 
One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/intelligent-tiering/ 
 
 
QUESTION 518 
A solutions architect needs to allow team members to access Amazon S3 buckets in two different 
AWS accounts: a development account and a production account. The team currently has access 
to S3 buckets in the development account by using unique IAM users that are assigned to an IAM 
group that has appropriate permissions in the account. 
 
The solutions architect has created an IAM role in the production account. The role has a policy 
that grants access to an S3 bucket in the production account. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements while complying with the principle of least privilege? 
 
A. Attach the Administrator Access policy to the development account users. 
B. Add the development account as a principal in the trust policy of the role in the production 
account. 
C. Turn off the S3 Block Public Access feature on the S3 bucket in the production account. 
D. Create a user in the production account with unique credentials for each team member. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
By adding the development account as a principal in the trust policy of the IAM role in the 
production account, you are allowing users from the development account to assume the role in 
the production account. This allows the team members to access the S3 bucket in the production 
account without granting them unnecessary privileges. 
 
 
QUESTION 519 
A company uses AWS Organizations with all features enabled and runs multiple Amazon EC2 
workloads in the ap-southeast-2 Region. The company has a service control policy (SCP) that 
prevents any resources from being created in any other Region. A security policy requires the 
company to encrypt all data at rest. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
253 
An audit discovers that employees have created Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volumes for EC2 instances without encrypting the volumes. The company wants any new EC2 
instances that any IAM user or root user launches in ap-southeast-2 to use encrypted EBS 
volumes. The company wants a solution that will have minimal effect on employees who create 
EBS volumes. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. In the Amazon EC2 console, select the EBS encryption account attribute and define a default 
encryption key. 
B. Create an IAM permission boundary. Attach the permission boundary to the root organizational 
unit (OU). Define the boundary to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted 
condition equals false. 
C. Create an SCP. Attach the SCP to the root organizational unit (OU). Define the SCP to deny the 
ec2:CreateVolume action whenthe ec2:Encrypted condition equals false. 
D. Update the IAM policies for each account to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action when the 
ec2:Encrypted condition equals false. 
E. In the Organizations management account, specify the Default EBS volume encryption setting. 
 
Answer: CE 
Explanation: 
SCP that denies the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted condition equals false. 
This will prevent users and service accounts in member accounts from creating unencrypted EBS 
volumes in the ap-southeast-2 Region. 
 
 
QUESTION 520 
A company wants to use an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB cluster to simplify time-consuming 
database administrative tasks for production database workloads. The company wants to ensure 
that its database is highly available and will provide automatic failover support in most scenarios 
in less than 40 seconds. The company wants to offload reads off of the primary instance and 
keep costs as low as possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. Create one read replica and point the 
read workload to the read replica. 
B. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB duster deployment Create two read replicas and point the read 
workload to the read replicas. 
C. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. Point the read workload to the 
secondary instances in the Multi-AZ pair. 
D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment Point the read workload to the reader 
endpoint. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.MultiAZSingleStandby.ht
ml 
 
 
QUESTION 521 
A company runs a highly available SFTP service. The SFTP service uses two Amazon EC2 Linux 
instances that run with elastic IP addresses to accept traffic from trusted IP sources on the 
internet. The SFTP service is backed by shared storage that is attached to the instances. User 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
254 
accounts are created and managed as Linux users in the SFTP servers. 
 
The company wants a serverless option that provides high IOPS performance and highly 
configurable security. The company also wants to maintain control over user permissions. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Create an AWS 
Transfer Family SFTP service with a public endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach 
the EBS volume to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service. 
B. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Create an AWS 
Transfer Family SFTP service with elastic IP addresses and a VPC endpoint that has internet-
facing access. Attach a security group to the endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. 
Attach the EFS volume to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with default encryption enabled. Create an AWS Transfer Family 
SFTP service with a public endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the S3 bucket 
to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service. 
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with default encryption enabled. Create an AWS Transfer Family 
SFTP service with a VPC endpoint that has internal access in a private subnet. Attach a security 
group that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the S3 bucket to the SFTP service endpoint. 
Grant users access to the SFTP service. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/use-ip-whitelisting-to-secure-your-aws-transfer-for-sftp-
servers/ 
 
 
QUESTION 522 
A company is developing a new machine learning (ML) model solution on AWS. The models are 
developed as independent microservices that fetch approximately 1 GB of model data from 
Amazon S3 at startup and load the data into memory. Users access the models through an 
asynchronous API. Users can send a request or a batch of requests and specify where the 
results should be sent. 
 
The company provides models to hundreds of users. The usage patterns for the models are 
irregular. Some models could be unused for days or weeks. Other models could receive batches 
of thousands of requests at a time. 
 
Which design should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Direct the requests from the API to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Deploy the models as AWS 
Lambda functions that are invoked by the NLB. 
B. Direct the requests from the API to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy the models as 
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services that read from an Amazon Simple 
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use AWS App Mesh to scale the instances of the ECS 
cluster based on the SQS queue size. 
C. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
Deploy the models as AWS Lambda functions that are invoked by SQS events. Use AWS Auto 
Scaling to increase the number of vCPUs for the Lambda functions based on the SQS queue 
size. 
D. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
Deploy the models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services that read from 
the queue. Enable AWS Auto Scaling on Amazon ECS for both the cluster and copies of the 
service based on the queue size. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
255 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/amazon-elastic-container-service-ecs-auto-scaling-
using-custom-metrics/ 
 
 
QUESTION 523 
A solutions architect wants to use the following JSON text as an identity-based policy to grant 
specific permissions: 
 
 
 
Which IAM principals can the solutions architect attach this policy to? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Role 
B. Group 
C. Organization 
D. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) resource 
E. Amazon EC2 resource 
 
Answer: AB 
 
 
QUESTION 524 
A company is running a custom application on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. The 
application has frontend nodes that need to run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and backend 
nodes that need to run only for a short time based on workload. The number of backend nodes 
varies during the day. 
 
The company needs to scale out and scale in more instances based on workload. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use Reserved Instances for the frontend nodes. Use AWS Fargate for the backend nodes. 
B. Use Reserved Instances for the frontend nodes. Use Spot Instances for the backend nodes. 
C. Use Spot Instances for the frontend nodes. Use Reserved Instances for the backend nodes. 
D. Use Spot Instances for the frontend nodes. Use AWS Fargate for the backend nodes. 
 
Answer: B 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
256 
 
QUESTION 525 
A company uses high block storage capacity to runs its workloads on premises. The company's 
daily peak input and output transactions per second are not more than 15,000 IOPS. The 
company wants to migrate the workloads to Amazon EC2 and to provision disk performance 
independent of storage capacity. 
 
Which Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume type will meet these requirements 
MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. GP2 volume type 
B. io2 volume type 
C. GP3 volume type 
D. io1 volume type 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Both GP2 and GP3 has max IOPS 16000 but GP3 is cost effective. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/migrate-your-amazon-ebs-volumes-from-gp2-to-gp3-and-
save-up-to-20-on-costs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 526 
A company needs to store data from its healthcare application. The application's data frequently 
changes. A new regulation requires audit access at all levels of the stored data. 
 
The company hosts the application on an on-premises infrastructure that is running out of storage 
capacity. A solutions architect must securely migrate the existing data to AWS while satisfying the 
new regulation. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log data 
events. 
B. Use AWS Snowcone to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log 
management events. 
C. Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS 
CloudTrail to log data events. 
D. Use AWS Storage Gateway to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log 
management events. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ja_jp/datasync/latest/userguide/encryption-in-transit.html 
 
 
QUESTION 527 
A solutions architect is implementing a complex Java application with a MySQL database. The 
Java application must be deployed on Apache Tomcat and must be highly available. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the application in AWS Lambda. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to connect with 
the Lambda functions. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
257 
B. Deploy the application by using AWS Elastic Beanstalk. Configure a load-balanced environment 
and a rolling deployment policy. 
C. Migrate the database to Amazon ElastiCache. Configure the ElastiCache security group to allow 
access from the application. 
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance. Install a MySQL server on the EC2 instance. Configure the 
application on the server. Create an AMI. Use the AMI to create a launch template with an Auto 
Scaling group. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk provides an easy and quick way to deploy, manage, and scale 
applications. It supports a variety of platforms, including Java and Apache Tomcat. By using 
Elastic Beanstalk, the solutions architect can upload the Java application and configure the 
environment to run Apache Tomcat. 
 
 
QUESTION 528 
A serverless application uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon DynamoDB. 
The Lambda function needs permissions to read and write to the DynamoDB table. 
 
Which solution will give the Lambda function access to the DynamoDB table MOST securely? 
 
A. Create an IAM user with programmatic access to the Lambda function. Attach a policy to the user 
that allows read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Store the access_key_id and 
secret_access_key parameters as part of the Lambda environment variables. Ensure that other 
AWS users do not have read and write access to the Lambda function configuration. 
B. Create an IAM role that includes Lambda as a trusted service. Attach a policy to the role that 
allows read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Update the configuration of the Lambda 
function to use the new role as the execution role. 
C. Create an IAM user with programmatic access to the Lambda function. Attach a policy to the user 
that allows read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Store the access_key_id and 
secret_access_key parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store as secure string 
parameters. Update the Lambda function code to retrieve the secure string parameters before 
connecting to the DynamoDB table. 
D. Create an IAM role that includes DynamoDB as a trusted service. Attach a policy to the role that 
allows read and write access from the Lambda function. Update the code of the Lambda function 
to attach to the new role as an execution role. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Option B suggests creating an IAM role that includes Lambda as a trusted service, meaning the 
role is specifically designed for Lambda functions. The role should have a policy attached to it 
that grants the required read and write access to the DynamoDB table. 
 
 
QUESTION 529 
The following IAM policy is attached to an IAM group. This is the only policy applied to the group. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
258 
 
 
What are the effective IAM permissions of this policy for group members? 
 
A. Group members are permitted any Amazon EC2 action within the us-east-1 Region. Statements 
after the Allow permission are not applied. 
B. Group members are denied any Amazon EC2 permissions in the us-east-1 Region unless they 
are logged in with multi-factor authentication (MFA). 
C. Group members are allowed the ec2:StopInstances and ec2:TerminateInstances permissions for 
all Regions when logged in with multi-factor authentication (MFA). Group members are permitted 
any other Amazon EC2 action. 
D. Group members are allowed the ec2:StopInstances and ec2:TerminateInstances permissions for 
the us-east-1 Region only when logged in with multi-factor authentication (MFA). Group members 
are permitted any other Amazon EC2 action within the us-east-1 Region. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 530 
A manufacturing company has machine sensors that upload .csv files to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
These .csv files must be converted into images and must be made available as soon as possible 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
259 
for the automatic generation of graphical reports. 
 
The images become irrelevant after 1 month, but the .csv files must be kept to train machine 
learning (ML) models twice a year. The ML trainings and audits are planned weeks in advance. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 Spot Instance that downloads the .csv files every hour, generates the 
image files, and uploads the images to the S3 bucket. 
B. Design an AWS Lambda function that converts the .csv files into images and stores the images in 
the S3 bucket. Invoke the Lambda function when a .csv file is uploaded. 
C. Create S3 Lifecycle rules for .csv files and image files in the S3 bucket. Transition the .csv files 
from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier 1 day after they are uploaded. Expire the image files after 30 
days. 
D. Create S3 Lifecycle rules for .csv files and image files in the S3 bucket. Transition the .csv files 
from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 1 day after they are 
uploaded. Expire the image files after 30 days. 
E. Create S3 Lifecycle rules for .csv files and image files in the S3 bucket. Transition the .csv files 
from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) 1 day after they are 
uploaded. Keep the image files in Reduced Redundancy Storage (RRS). 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonglacier/latest/dev/introduction.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/jp/about-aws/whats-new/2021/11/amazon-s3-glacier-storage-class-
amazon-s3-glacier-flexible-retrieval/ 
 
 
QUESTION 531 
A company has developed a new video game as a web application. The application is in a three-
tier architecture in a VPC with Amazon RDS for MySQL in the database layer. Several players 
will compete concurrently online. The game's developers want to display a top-10 scoreboard in 
near-real time and offer the ability to stop and restore the game while preserving the current 
scores. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster to cache the scores for the web 
application to display. 
B. Set up an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to compute and cache the scores for the web 
application to display. 
C. Place an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the web application to cache the scoreboard 
in a section of the application. 
D. Create a read replica on Amazon RDS for MySQL to run queries to compute the scoreboard and 
serve the read traffic to the web application. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/jp/blogs/news/building-a-real-time-gaming-leaderboard-with-amazon-
elasticache-for-redis/ 
 
 
QUESTION 532 
An ecommerce company wants to use machine learning (ML) algorithms to build and train 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
260 
models. The company will use the models to visualize complex scenarios and to detect trends in 
customer data. The architecture team wants to integrate its ML models with a reporting platform 
to analyze the augmented data and use the data directly in its business intelligence dashboards. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Glue to create an ML transform to build and train models. Use Amazon OpenSearch 
Service to visualize the data. 
B. Use Amazon SageMaker to build and train models. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize the data. 
C. Use a pre-built ML Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the AWS Marketplace to build and train 
models. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service to visualize the data. 
D. Use Amazon QuickSight to build and train models by using calculated fields. Use Amazon 
QuickSight to visualize the data. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon SageMaker is a fully managed service that provides a complete set of tools and 
capabilities for building, training, and deploying ML models. It simplifies the end-to-end ML 
workflow and reduces operational overhead by handling infrastructure provisioning, model 
training, and deployment. 
To visualize the data and integrate it into business intelligence dashboards, Amazon QuickSight 
can be used. QuickSight is a cloud-native business intelligence service that allows users to easily 
create interactive visualizations, reports, and dashboards from various data sources, including the 
augmented data generated by the ML models. 
 
 
QUESTION 533 
A company is running its production and nonproduction environment workloads in multiple AWS 
accounts. The accounts are in an organization in AWS Organizations. The company needs to 
design a solution that will prevent the modification of cost usage tags. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a custom AWS Config rule to prevent tag modification except by authorized principals. 
B. Create a custom trail in AWS CloudTrail to prevent tag modification. 
C. Create a service control policy (SCP) to prevent tag modification except by authorized principals. 
D. Create custom Amazon CloudWatch logs to prevent tag modification. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ja_jp/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps_e
xamples_tagging.html 
 
 
QUESTION 534 
A company hosts its application in the AWS Cloud. The application runs on Amazon EC2 
instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer in an Auto Scaling group and with an Amazon 
DynamoDB table. The company wants to ensure the application can be made available in 
anotherAWS Region with minimal downtime. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of 
downtime? 
 
A. Create an Auto Scaling group and a load balancer in the disaster recovery Region. Configure the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
261 
DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover to point to the new disaster recovery 
Region's load balancer. 
B. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances, load balancers, and 
DynamoDB tables to be launched when needed Configure DNS failover to point to the new 
disaster recovery Region's load balancer. 
C. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances and a load balancer to be 
launched when needed. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover 
to point to the new disaster recovery Region's load balancer. 
D. Create an Auto Scaling group and load balancer in the disaster recovery Region. Configure the 
DynamoDB table as a global table. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to trigger an AWS 
Lambda function that updates Amazon Route 53 pointing to the disaster recovery load balancer. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 535 
A company needs to migrate a MySQL database from its on-premises data center to AWS within 
2 weeks. The database is 20 TB in size. The company wants to complete the migration with 
minimal downtime. 
 
Which solution will migrate the database MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Order an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device. Use AWS Database Migration Service 
(AWS DMS) with AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to migrate the database with 
replication of ongoing changes. Send the Snowball Edge device to AWS to finish the migration 
and continue the ongoing replication. 
B. Order an AWS Snowmobile vehicle. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with 
AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to migrate the database with ongoing changes. Send 
the Snowmobile vehicle back to AWS to finish the migration and continue the ongoing replication. 
C. Order an AWS Snowball Edge Compute Optimized with GPU device. Use AWS Database 
Migration Service (AWS DMS) with AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to migrate the 
database with ongoing changes. Send the Snowball device to AWS to finish the migration and 
continue the ongoing replication 
D. Order a 1 GB dedicated AWS Direct Connect connection to establish a connection with the data 
center. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with AWS Schema Conversion Tool 
(AWS SCT) to migrate the database with replication of ongoing changes. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_LargeDBs.Process.html 
 
 
QUESTION 536 
A company moved its on-premises PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB 
instance. The company successfully launched a new product. The workload on the database has 
increased. The company wants to accommodate the larger workload without adding 
infrastructure. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Buy reserved DB instances for the total workload. Make the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB 
instance larger. 
B. Make the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance a Multi-AZ DB instance. 
C. Buy reserved DB instances for the total workload. Add another Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
262 
instance. 
D. Make the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance an on-demand DB instance. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
"without adding infrastructure" means scaling vertically and choosing larger instance. 
"MOST cost-effectively" reserved instances 
 
 
QUESTION 537 
A company operates an ecommerce website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application 
Load Balancer (ALB) in an Auto Scaling group. The site is experiencing performance issues 
related to a high request rate from illegitimate external systems with changing IP addresses. The 
security team is worried about potential DDoS attacks against the website. The company must 
block the illegitimate incoming requests in a way that has a minimal impact on legitimate users. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Deploy Amazon Inspector and associate it with the ALB. 
B. Deploy AWS WAF, associate it with the ALB, and configure a rate-limiting rule. 
C. Deploy rules to the network ACLs associated with the ALB to block the incomingtraffic. 
D. Deploy Amazon GuardDuty and enable rate-limiting protection when configuring GuardDuty. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS WAF (Web Application Firewall) is a service that provides protection for web applications 
against common web exploits. By associating AWS WAF with the Application Load Balancer 
(ALB), you can inspect incoming traffic and define rules to allow or block requests based on 
various criteria. 
 
 
QUESTION 538 
A company wants to share accounting data with an external auditor. The data is stored in an 
Amazon RDS DB instance that resides in a private subnet. The auditor has its own AWS account 
and requires its own copy of the database. 
 
What is the MOST secure way for the company to share the database with the auditor? 
 
A. Create a read replica of the database. Configure IAM standard database authentication to grant 
the auditor access. 
B. Export the database contents to text files. Store the files in an Amazon S3 bucket. Create a new 
IAM user for the auditor. Grant the user access to the S3 bucket. 
C. Copy a snapshot of the database to an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an IAM user. Share the user's 
keys with the auditor to grant access to the object in the S3 bucket. 
D. Create an encrypted snapshot of the database. Share the snapshot with the auditor. Allow access 
to the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The most secure way for the company to share the database with the auditor is option D: Create 
an encrypted snapshot of the database, share the snapshot with the auditor, and allow access to 
the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. 
By creating an encrypted snapshot, the company ensures that the database data is protected at 
rest. Sharing the encrypted snapshot with the auditor allows them to have their own copy of the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
263 
database securely. 
In addition, granting access to the AWS KMS encryption key ensures that the auditor has the 
necessary permissions to decrypt and access the encrypted snapshot. This allows the auditor to 
restore the snapshot and access the data securely. 
This approach provides both data protection and access control, ensuring that the database is 
securely shared with the auditor while maintaining the confidentiality and integrity of the data. 
 
 
QUESTION 539 
A solutions architect configured a VPC that has a small range of IP addresses. The number of 
Amazon EC2 instances that are in the VPC is increasing, and there is an insufficient number of IP 
addresses for future workloads. 
 
Which solution resolves this issue with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Add an additional IPv4 CIDR block to increase the number of IP addresses and create additional 
subnets in the VPC. Create new resources in the new subnets by using the new CIDR. 
B. Create a second VPC with additional subnets. Use a peering connection to connect the second 
VPC with the first VPC Update the routes and create new resources in the subnets of the second 
VPC. 
C. Use AWS Transit Gateway to add a transit gateway and connect a second VPC with the first 
VPUpdate the routes of the transit gateway and VPCs. Create new resources in the subnets of 
the second VPC. 
D. Create a second VPC. Create a Site-to-Site VPN connection between the first VPC and the 
second VPC by using a VPN-hosted solution on Amazon EC2 and a virtual private gateway. 
Update the route between VPCs to the traffic through the VPN. Create new resources in the 
subnets of the second VPC. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You assign a single CIDR IP address range as the primary CIDR block when you create a VPC 
and can add up to four secondary CIDR blocks after creation of the VPC. 
 
 
QUESTION 540 
A company used an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance during application testing. Before 
terminating the DB instance at the end of the test cycle, a solutions architect created two 
backups. The solutions architect created the first backup by using the mysqldump utility to create 
a database dump. The solutions architect created the second backup by enabling the final DB 
snapshot option on RDS termination. 
 
The company is now planning for a new test cycle and wants to create a new DB instance from 
the most recent backup. The company has chosen a MySQL-compatible edition ofAmazon 
Aurora to host the DB instance. 
 
Which solutions will create the new DB instance? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Import the RDS snapshot directly into Aurora. 
B. Upload the RDS snapshot to Amazon S3. Then import the RDS snapshot into Aurora. 
C. Upload the database dump to Amazon S3. Then import the database dump into Aurora. 
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to import the RDS snapshot into Aurora. 
E. Upload the database dump to Amazon S3. Then use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS 
DMS) to import the database dump into Aurora. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
264 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraMySQL.Migrating.RD
SMySQL.Import.html 
 
 
QUESTION 541 
A company hosts a multi-tier web application on Amazon Linux Amazon EC2 instances behind an 
Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple 
Availability Zones. The company observes that the Auto Scaling group launches more On-
Demand Instances when the application's end users access high volumes of static web content. 
The company wants to optimize cost. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to redesign the application MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Update the Auto Scaling group to use Reserved Instances instead of On-Demand Instances. 
B. Update the Auto Scaling group to scale by launching Spot Instances instead of On-Demand 
Instances. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution to host the static web contents from an Amazon S3 
bucket. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function behind an Amazon API Gateway API to host the static website 
contents. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
By leveraging Amazon CloudFront, you can cache and serve the static web content from edge 
locations worldwide, reducing the load on your EC2 instances. This can help lower the number of 
On-Demand Instances required to handle high volumes of static web content requests. Storing 
the static content in an Amazon S3 bucket and using CloudFront as a content delivery network 
(CDN) improves performance and reduces costs by reducing the load on your EC2 instances. 
 
 
QUESTION 542 
A company stores several petabytes of data across multiple AWS accounts. The company uses 
AWS Lake Formation to manage its data lake. The company's data science team wants to 
securely share selective data from its accounts with the company's engineering team for 
analytical purposes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Copy the required data to a common account. Create an IAM access role in that account. Grant 
access by specifying a permission policy that includes users from the engineering team accounts 
as trusted entities. 
B. Use the Lake Formation permissions Grant command in each account where the data is stored to 
allow the required engineering team users to access the data. 
C. Use AWS Data Exchange to privately publish the required data to the required engineering team 
accounts. 
D. Use Lake Formation tag-based access control to authorize and grant cross-account permissions 
for the required data to the engineering team accounts. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
By utilizing Lake Formation's tag-based access control, you can define tags and tag-based 
policies to grant selective access to the required data for the engineering team accounts. This 
approach allows you to control access at a granular level without the need to copy or move the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
265 
data to a common account or manage permissions individually in each account. It provides a 
centralized and scalable solution for securely sharing data across accounts with minimal 
operational overhead. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/securely-share-your-data-across-aws-accounts-using-
aws-lake-formation/ 
 
 
QUESTION 543 
A company wants to host a scalable web application on AWS. The application will be accessed 
by users from different geographic regions of the world. Application users will be able to 
download and upload unique data up to gigabytes in size. The development team wants a cost-
effective solution to minimize upload and download latency and maximize performance. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 with Transfer Acceleration to host the application. 
B. Use Amazon S3 with CacheControl headers to host the application. 
C. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon CloudFront to host the application. 
D. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon ElastiCache to host the application. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ja_jp/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/transfer-acceleration.html 
 
 
QUESTION 544 
A company has hired a solutions architect to design a reliable architecture for its application. The 
application consists of one Amazon RDS DB instance and two manually provisioned Amazon 
EC2 instances that run web servers. The EC2 instances are located in a single Availability Zone. 
 
An employee recently deleted the DB instance, and the application was unavailable for 24 hours 
as a result. The company is concerned with the overall reliability of its environment. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to maximize reliability of the application's infrastructure? 
 
A. Delete one EC2 instance and enable termination protection on the other EC2 instance. Update 
the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection. 
B. Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection. Place the EC2 instances 
behind an Application Load Balancer, and run them in an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple 
Availability Zones. 
C. Create an additional DB instance along with an Amazon API Gateway and an AWS Lambda 
function. Configure the application to invoke the Lambda function through API Gateway. Have the 
Lambda function write the data to the two DB instances. 
D. Place the EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group that has multiple subnets located in 
multiple Availability Zones. Use Spot Instances instead of On-Demand Instances. Set up Amazon 
CloudWatch alarms to monitor the health of the instances Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, 
and enable deletion protection. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection. Place the EC2 instances 
behind an Application Load Balancer, and run them in an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple 
Availability Zones. 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
266 
QUESTION 545 
A company is storing 700 terabytes of data on a large network-attached storage (NAS) system in 
its corporate data center. The company has a hybrid environment with a 10 Gbps AWS Direct 
Connect connection. 
 
After an audit from a regulator, the company has 90 days to move the data to the cloud. The 
company needs to move the data efficiently and without disruption. The company still needs to be 
able to access and update the data during the transfer window. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS DataSync agent in the corporate data center. Create a data transfer task Start 
the transfer to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
B. Back up the data to AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Ship the devices to an 
AWS data center. Mount a target Amazon S3 bucket on the on-premises file system. 
C. Use rsync to copy the data directly from local storage to a designated Amazon S3 bucket over the 
Direct Connect connection. 
D. Back up the data on tapes. Ship the tapes to an AWS data center. Mount a target Amazon S3 
bucket on the on-premises file system. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By leveraging AWS DataSync in combination with AWS Direct Connect, the company can 
efficiently and securely transfer its 700 terabytes of data to an Amazon S3 bucket without 
disruption. The solution allows continued access and updates to the data during the transfer 
window, ensuring business continuity throughout the migration process. 
 
 
QUESTION 546 
A company stores data in PDF format in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must follow a legal 
requirement to retain all new and existing data in Amazon S3 for 7 years. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Turn on the S3 Versioning feature for the S3 bucket. Configure S3 Lifecycle to delete the data 
after 7 years. Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA) delete for all S3 objects. 
B. Turn on S3 Object Lock with governance retention mode for the S3 bucket. Set the retention 
period to expire after 7 years. Recopy all existing objects to bring the existing data into 
compliance. 
C. Turn on S3 Object Lock with compliance retention mode for the S3 bucket. Set the retention 
period to expire after 7 years. Recopy all existing objects to bring the existing data into 
compliance. 
D. Turn on S3 Object Lock with compliance retention mode for the S3 bucket. Set the retention 
period to expire after 7 years. Use S3 Batch Operations to bring the existing data into compliance. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
To replicate existing object/data in S3 Bucket to bring them to compliance, optionally we use "S3 
Batch Replication", so option D is the most appropriate, especially if we have big data in S3. 
 
 
QUESTION 547 
A company has a stateless web application that runs on AWS Lambda functions that are invoked 
by Amazon API Gateway. The company wants to deploy the application across multiple AWS 
Regions to provide Regional failover capabilities. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
267 
 
What should a solutions architect do to route traffic to multiple Regions? 
 
A. Create Amazon Route 53 health checks for each Region. Use an active-active failover 
configuration. 
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin for each Region. Use CloudFront health 
checks to route traffic. 
C. Create a transit gateway. Attach the transit gateway to the API Gateway endpoint in each Region. 
Configure the transit gateway to route requests. 
D. Create an Application Load Balancer in the primary Region. Set the target group to point to the 
API Gateway endpoint hostnames in each Region. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/dns-failover.html 
 
 
QUESTION 548 
A company has two VPCs named Management and Production. The Management VPC uses 
VPNs through a customer gateway to connect to a single device in the data center. The 
Production VPC uses a virtual private gateway with two attached AWS Direct Connect 
connections. The Management and Production VPCs both use a single VPC peering connection 
to allow communication between the applications. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to mitigate any single point of failure in this architecture? 
 
A. Add a set of VPNs between the Management and Production VPCs. 
B. Add a second virtual private gateway and attach it to the Management VPC. 
C. Add a second set of VPNs to the Management VPC from a second customer gateway device. 
D. Add a second VPC peering connection between the Management VPC and the Production VPC. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Redundant VPN connections: Instead of relying on a single device in the data center, the 
Management VPC should have redundant VPN connections established through multiple 
customer gateways. This will ensure high availability and fault tolerance in case one of the VPN 
connections or customer gateways fails. 
 
 
QUESTION 549 
A company runs its application on an Oracle database. The company plans to quickly migrate to 
AWS because of limited resources for the database, backup administration, and data center 
maintenance. The application uses third-party database features that require privileged access. 
 
Which solution will help the company migrate the database to AWS MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Oracle. Replace third-party features with cloud 
services. 
B. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle. Customize the database settings to 
support third-party features. 
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon EC2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI) for Oracle. Customize 
the database settings to support third-party features. 
D. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL by rewriting the application code to 
remove dependency on Oracle APEX. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
268 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2021/10/amazon-rds-custom-oracle/ 
 
 
QUESTION 550 
A company has a three-tier web application that is in a single server. The company wants to 
migrate the application to the AWS Cloud. The company also wants the application to align with 
the AWS Well-Architected Framework and to be consistent with AWS recommended best 
practices for security, scalability, and resiliency. 
 
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Create a VPC across two Availability Zones with the application's existing architecture. Host the 
application with existing architecture on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet in each 
Availability Zone with EC2 Auto Scaling groups. Secure the EC2 instance with security groups 
and network access control lists (network ACLs). 
B. Set up security groups and network access control lists (network ACLs) to control access to the 
database layer. Set up a single Amazon RDS database in a private subnet. 
C. Create a VPC across two Availability Zones. Refactor the application to host the web tier, 
application tier, and database tier. Host each tier on its own private subnet with Auto Scaling 
groups for the web tier and application tier. 
D. Use a single Amazon RDS database. Allow database access only from the application tier 
security group. 
E. Use Elastic Load Balancers in front of the web tier. Control access by using security groups 
containing references to each layer's security groups. 
F. Use an Amazon RDS database Multi-AZ cluster deployment in private subnets. Allow database 
access only from application tier security groups. 
 
Answer: CEF 
 
 
QUESTION 551 
A company is migrating its applications and databases to the AWS Cloud. The company will use 
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS), AWS Direct Connect, and Amazon RDS. 
 
Which activities will be managed by the company's operational team? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Management of the Amazon RDS infrastructure layer, operating system, and platforms 
B. Creation of an Amazon RDS DB instance and configuring the scheduled maintenance window 
C. Configuration of additional software components on Amazon ECS for monitoring, patch 
management, log management, and host intrusion detection 
D. Installation of patches for all minor and major database versions for Amazon RDS 
E. Ensure the physical security of the Amazon RDS infrastructure in the data center 
F. Encryption of the data that moves in transit through Direct Connect 
 
Answer: BCF 
 
 
QUESTION 552 
A company runs a Java-based job on an Amazon EC2 instance. The job runs every hour and 
takes 10 seconds to run. The job runs on a scheduled interval and consumes 1 GB of memory. 
The CPU utilization of the instance is low except for short surges during which the job uses the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
269 
maximum CPU available. The company wants to optimize the costs to run the job. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS App2Container (A2C) to containerize the job. Run the job as an Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (Amazon ECS) task on AWS Fargate with 0.5 virtual CPU (vCPU) and 1 GB of 
memory. 
B. Copy the code into an AWS Lambda function that has 1 GB of memory. Create an Amazon 
EventBridge scheduled rule to run the code each hour. 
C. Use AWS App2Container (A2C) to containerize the job. Install the container in the existing 
Amazon Machine Image (AMI). Ensure that the schedule stops the container when the task 
finishes. 
D. Configure the existing schedule to stop the EC2 instance at the completion of the job and restart 
the EC2 instance when the next job starts. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/operatorguide/computing-power.html 
 
 
QUESTION 553 
A company wants to implement a backup strategy for Amazon EC2 data and multiple Amazon S3 
buckets. Because of regulatory requirements, the company must retain backup files for a specific 
time period. The company must not alter the files for the duration of the retention period. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Backup to create a backup vault that has a vault lock in governance mode. Create the 
required backup plan. 
B. Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager to create the required automated snapshot policy. 
C. Use Amazon S3 File Gateway to create the backup. Configure the appropriate S3 Lifecycle 
management. 
D. Use AWS Backup to create a backup vault that has a vault lock in compliance mode. Create the 
required backup plan. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/vault-lock.html 
 
 
QUESTION 554 
A company has resources across multiple AWS Regions and accounts. A newly hired solutions 
architect discovers a previous employee did not provide details about the resources inventory. 
The solutions architect needs to build and map the relationship details of the various workloads 
across all accounts. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Use AWS Systems Manager Inventory to generate a map view from the detailed view report. 
B. Use AWS Step Functions to collect workload details. Build architecture diagrams of the workloads 
manually. 
C. Use Workload Discovery on AWS to generate architecture diagrams of the workloads. 
D. Use AWS X-Ray to view the workload details. Build architecture diagrams with relationships. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
270 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Workload Discovery on AWS is a service that helps visualize and understand the architecture of 
your workloads across multiple AWS accounts and Regions. It automatically discovers and maps 
the relationships between resources, providing an accurate representation of the architecture. 
 
 
QUESTION 555 
A company uses AWS Organizations. The company wants to operate some of its AWS accounts 
with different budgets. The company wants to receive alerts and automatically prevent 
provisioning of additional resources on AWS accounts when the allocated budget threshold is met 
during a specific period. 
 
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Use AWS Budgets to create a budget. Set the budget amount under the Cost and Usage Reports 
section of the required AWS accounts. 
B. Use AWS Budgets to create a budget. Set the budget amount under the Billing dashboards of the 
required AWS accounts. 
C. Create an IAM user for AWS Budgets to run budget actions with the required permissions. 
D. Create an IAM role for AWS Budgets to run budget actions with the required permissions. 
E. Add an alert to notify the company when each account meets its budget threshold. Add a budget 
action that selects the IAM identity created with the appropriate config rule to prevent provisioning 
of additional resources. 
F. Add an alert to notify the company when each account meets its budget threshold. Add a budget 
action that selects the IAM identity created with the appropriate service control policy (SCP) to 
prevent provisioning of additional resources. 
 
Answer: BDF 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ja_jp/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/view-billing-dashboard.html 
 
 
QUESTION 556 
A company runs applications on Amazon EC2 instances in one AWS Region. The company 
wants to back up the EC2 instances to a second Region. The company also wants to provision 
EC2 resources in the second Region and manage the EC2 instances centrally from one AWS 
account. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a disaster recovery (DR) plan that has a similar number of EC2 instances in the second 
Region. Configure data replication. 
B. Create point-in-time Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots of the EC2 instances. 
Copy the snapshots to the second Region periodically. 
C. Create a backup plan by using AWS Backup. Configure cross-Region backup to the second 
Region for the EC2 instances. 
D. Deploy a similar number of EC2 instances in the second Region. Use AWS DataSync to transfer 
the data from the source Region to the second Region. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Using AWS Backup, you can create backup plans that automate the backup process for your 
EC2 instances. By configuring cross-Region backup, you can ensure that backups are replicated 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
271 
to the second Region, providing a disaster recovery capability. This solution is cost-effective as it 
leverages AWS Backup's built-in features and eliminates the need for manual snapshot 
management or deploying and managing additional EC2 instances in the second Region. 
 
 
QUESTION 557 
A company that uses AWS is building an application to transfer data to a product manufacturer. 
The company has its own identity provider (IdP). The company wants the IdP to authenticate 
application users while the users use the application to transfer data. The company must use 
Applicability Statement 2 (AS2) protocol. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the data. Create an AWS Lambda function for IdP authentication. 
B. Use Amazon AppFlow flows to transfer the data. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) task for IdP authentication. 
C. Use AWS Transfer Family to transfer the data. Create an AWS Lambda function for IdP 
authentication. 
D. Use AWS Storage Gateway to transfer the data. Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool for IdP 
authentication. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
To authenticate your users, you can use your existing identity provider with AWS Transfer Family. 
You integrate your identity provider using an AWS Lambda function, which authenticates and 
authorizes your users for access to Amazon S3 or Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transfer/latest/userguide/custom-identity-provider-users.html 
 
 
QUESTION 558 
A solutions architect is designing a RESTAPI in Amazon API Gateway for a cash payback 
service. The application requires 1 GB of memory and 2 GB of storage for its computation 
resources. The application will require that the data is in a relational format. 
 
Which additional combination ofAWS services will meet these requirements with the LEAST 
administrative effort? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Amazon EC2 
B. AWS Lambda 
C. Amazon RDS 
D. Amazon DynamoDB 
E. Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Services (Amazon EKS) 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 
"The application will require that the data is in a relational format" so DynamoDB is out. RDS is 
the choice. Lambda is severless. 
 
 
QUESTION 559 
A company uses AWS Organizations to run workloads within multiple AWS accounts. A tagging 
policy adds department tags to AWS resources when the company creates tags. 
 
An accounting team needs to determine spending on Amazon EC2 consumption. The accounting 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
272 
team must determine which departments are responsible for the costs regardless ofAWS 
account. The accounting team has access to AWS Cost Explorer for all AWS accounts within the 
organization and needs to access all reports from Cost Explorer. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. From the Organizations management account billing console, activate a user-defined cost 
allocation tag named department. Create one cost report in Cost Explorer grouping by tag name, 
and filter by EC2. 
B. From the Organizations management account billing console, activate an AWS-defined cost 
allocation tag named department. Create one cost report in Cost Explorer grouping by tag name, 
and filter by EC2. 
C. From the Organizations member account billing console, activate a user-defined cost allocation 
tag named department. Create one cost report in Cost Explorer grouping by the tag name, and 
filter by EC2. 
D. From the Organizations member account billing console, activate an AWS-defined cost allocation 
tag named department. Create one cost report in Cost Explorer grouping by tag name, and filter 
by EC2. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By activating a user-defined cost allocation tag named "department" and creating a cost report in 
Cost Explorer that groups by the tag name and filters by EC2, the accounting team will be able to 
track and attribute costs to specific departments across all AWS accounts within the organization. 
This approach allows for consistent cost allocation and reporting regardless of the AWS account 
structure. 
 
 
QUESTION 560 
A company wants to securely exchange data between its software as a service (SaaS) 
application Salesforce account and Amazon S3. The company must encrypt the data at rest by 
using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed keys (CMKs). The 
company must also encrypt the data in transit. The company has enabled API access for the 
Salesforce account. 
 
A. Create AWS Lambda functions to transfer the data securely from Salesforce to Amazon S3. 
B. Create an AWS Step Functions workflow. Define the task to transfer the data securely from 
Salesforce to Amazon S3. 
C. Create Amazon AppFlow flows to transfer the data securely from Salesforce to Amazon S3. 
D. Create a custom connector for Salesforce to transfer the data securely from Salesforce to 
Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon AppFlow is a fully managed integration service that allows you to securely transfer data 
between different SaaS applications and AWS services. It provides built-in encryption options and 
supports encryption in transit using SSL/TLS protocols. With AppFlow, you can configure the data 
transfer flow from Salesforce to Amazon S3, ensuring data encryption at rest by utilizing AWS 
KMS CMKs. 
 
 
QUESTION 561 
A company is developing a mobile gaming app in a single AWS Region. The app runs on multiple 
Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. The company stores the app data in Amazon 
DynamoDB. The app communicates by using TCP traffic and UDP traffic between the users and 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
273 
the servers. The application will be used globally. The company wants to ensure the lowest 
possible latency for all users. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Global Accelerator to create an accelerator. Create an Application Load Balancer 
(ALB) behind an accelerator endpoint that uses Global Accelerator integration and listening on 
the TCP and UDP ports. Update the Auto Scaling group to register instances on the ALB. 
B. Use AWS Global Accelerator to create an accelerator. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) 
behind an accelerator endpoint that uses Global Accelerator integration and listening on the TCP 
and UDP ports. Update the Auto Scaling group to register instances on the NLB. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN) endpoint. Create a Network Load 
Balancer (NLB) behind the endpoint and listening on the TCP and UDP ports. Update the Auto 
Scaling group to register instances on the NLB. Update CloudFront to use the NLB as the origin. 
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN) endpoint. Create an Application 
Load Balancer (ALB) behind the endpoint and listening on the TCP and UDP ports. Update the 
Auto Scaling group to register instances on the ALB. Update CloudFront to use the ALB as the 
origin. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Global Accelerator is a better solution for the mobile gaming app than CloudFront. 
 
 
QUESTION 562 
A company has an application that processes customer orders. The company hosts the 
application on an Amazon EC2 instance that saves the orders to an Amazon Aurora database. 
Occasionally when traffic is high the workload does not process orders fast enough. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to write the orders reliably to the database as quickly as 
possible? 
 
A. Increase the instance size of the EC2 instance when traffic is high. Write orders to Amazon 
Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). Subscribe the database endpoint to the SNS topic. 
B. Write orders to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use EC2 instances in 
an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer to read from the SQS queue and 
process orders into the database. 
C. Write orders to Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). Subscribe the database 
endpoint to the SNS topic. Use EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application 
Load Balancer to read from the SNS topic. 
D. Write orders to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue when the EC2 instance 
reaches CPU threshold limits. Use scheduled scaling of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group 
behind an Application Load Balancer to read from the SQS queue and process orders into the 
database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
By decoupling the write operation from the processing operation using SQS, you ensure that the 
orders are reliably stored in the queue, regardless of the processing capacity of the EC2 
instances. This allows the processing to be performed at a scalable rate based on the available 
EC2 instances, improving the overall reliability and speed of order processing. 
 
 
QUESTION 563 
An IoT company is releasing a mattress that has sensors to collect data about a user's sleep. The 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
274 
sensors will send data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The sensors collect approximately 2 MB of data 
every night for each mattress. The company must process and summarize the data for each 
mattress. The results need to be available as soon as possible. Data processing will require 1 GB 
of memory and will finish within 30 seconds. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use AWS Glue with a Scala job 
B. Use Amazon EMR with an Apache Spark script 
C. Use AWS Lambda with a Python script 
D. Use AWS Glue with a PySpark job 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Lambda charges you based on the number of invocations and the execution time of your 
function. Since the data processing job is relatively small (2 MB of data), Lambda is a cost-
effective choice. You only pay for the actual usage without the need to provision and maintain 
infrastructure. 
 
 
QUESTION 564 
A company hosts an online shopping application that stores all orders in an Amazon RDS for 
PostgreSQL Single-AZ DB instance. Management wants to eliminate single points of failure and 
has asked a solutions architect to recommend an approach to minimize database downtime 
without requiring any changes to the application code. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Convert the existing database instance to a Multi-AZ deployment by modifying the database 
instance and specifying the Multi-AZ option. 
B. Create a new RDS Multi-AZ deployment. Take a snapshot of the current RDS instance and 
restore the new Multi-AZ deployment with the snapshot. 
C. Create a read-only replica of the PostgreSQL database in another Availability Zone. Use Amazon 
Route 53 weighted record sets to distribute requests across the databases. 
D. Place the RDS for PostgreSQL database in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with a minimum 
group size of two. Use Amazon Route 53 weighted record sets to distribute requests across 
instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Compared to other solutions that involve creating new instances, restoring snapshots, or setting 
up replication manually, converting to a Multi-AZ deployment is a simpler and more streamlined 
approach with lower overhead. 
Overall, option A offers a cost-effective and efficient way to minimize database downtime without 
requiring significant changes or additional complexities. 
 
 
QUESTION 565 
A company is developing an application to support customer demands. The company wants to 
deploy the application on multiple Amazon EC2 Nitro-based instances within the same Availability 
Zone. The company also wants to give the application the ability to write to multiple block storage 
volumes in multiple EC2 Nitro-based instances simultaneously to achieve higher application 
availability. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
275 
 
A. Use General Purpose SSD (gp3) EBS volumes with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
Multi-Attach 
B. Use Throughput Optimized HDD (st1) EBS volumes with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) Multi-Attach 
C. Use Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) EBS volumes with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
Multi-Attach 
D. Use General Purpose SSD (gp2) EBS volumes with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
Multi-Attach 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Multi-Attach is supported exclusively on Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1 and io2) volumes. 
 
 
QUESTION 566 
A company designed a stateless two-tier application that uses Amazon EC2 in a single 
Availability Zone and an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. New company management wants 
to ensure the application is highly available. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Configure the application to use Multi-AZ EC2 Auto Scaling and create an Application Load 
Balancer 
B. Configure the application to take snapshots of the EC2 instances and send them to a different 
AWS Region 
C. Configure the application to use Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to feed requests to the 
application 
D. Configure Amazon Route 53 rules to handle incoming requests and create a Multi-AZ Application 
Load Balancer 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By combining Multi-AZ EC2 Auto Scaling and an Application Load Balancer, you achieve high 
availability for the EC2 instances hosting your stateless two-tier application. 
 
 
QUESTION 567 
A company uses AWS Organizations. A member account has purchased a Compute Savings 
Plan. Because of changes in the workloads inside the member account, the account no longer 
receives the full benefit of the Compute Savings Plan commitment. The company uses less than 
50% of its purchased compute power. 
 
A. Turn on discount sharing from the Billing Preferences section of the account console in the 
member account that purchased the Compute Savings Plan. 
B. Turn on discount sharing from the Billing Preferences section of the account console in the 
company's Organizations management account. 
C. Migrate additional compute workloads from another AWS account to the account that has the 
Compute Savings Plan. 
D. Sell the excess Savings Plan commitment in the Reserved Instance Marketplace. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/ri-turn-off.html 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
276 
Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the AWS Billing console at 
https://console.aws.amazon.com/billing/ 
Ensure you're logged in to the management account of your AWS Organizations. 
 
 
QUESTION 568 
A company is developing a microservices application that will provide a search catalog for 
customers. The company must use REST APIs to present the frontend of the application to users. 
The REST APIs must access the backend services that the company hosts in containers in 
private VPC subnets. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Design a WebSocket API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a private VPC link for API Gateway 
to access Amazon ECS. 
B. Design a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a private VPC link for API Gateway 
to access Amazon ECS. 
C. Design a WebSocket API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a security group for API Gateway to 
access Amazon ECS. 
D. Design a REST API by using Amazon API Gateway. Host the application in Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (Amazon ECS) in a private subnet. Create a security group for API Gateway to 
access Amazon ECS. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-private-integration.html 
 
 
QUESTION 569 
A company stores raw collected data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The data is used for several types 
of analytics on behalf of the company's customers. The type of analytics requested determines 
the access pattern on the S3 objects. 
 
The company cannot predict or control the access pattern. The company wants to reduce its S3 
costs. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use S3 replication to transition infrequently accessed objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access 
(S3 Standard-IA) 
B. Use S3 Lifecycle rules to transition objects from S3 Standard to Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 
Standard-IA) 
C. Use S3 Lifecycle rules to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
D. Use S3 Inventory to identify and transition objects that have not been accessed from S3 Standard 
to S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 570 
A company has applications hosted on Amazon EC2 instances with IPv6 addresses. The 
applications must initiate communications with other external applications using the internet. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
277 
However the company's security policy states that any external service cannot initiate a 
connection to the EC2 instances. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Create a NAT gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's route table 
B. Create an internet gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's route table 
C. Create a virtual private gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's route table 
D. Create an egress-only internet gateway and make it the destination of the subnet's route table 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
An egress-only internet gateway (EIGW) is specifically designed for IPv6-only VPCs and provides 
outbound IPv6 internet access while blocking inbound IPv6 traffic. It satisfies the requirement of 
preventing external services from initiating connections to the EC2 instances while allowing the 
instances to initiate outbound communications. 
 
 
QUESTION 571 
A company is creating an application that runs on containers in a VPC. The application stores 
and accesses data in an Amazon S3 bucket. During the development phase, the application will 
store and access 1 TB of data in Amazon S3 each day. The company wants to minimize costs 
and wants to prevent traffic from traversing the internet whenever possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable S3 Intelligent-Tiering for the S3 bucket 
B. Enable S3 Transfer Acceleration for the S3 bucket 
C. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Associate this endpoint with all route tables in 
the VPC 
D. Create an interface endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC. Associate this endpoint with all route 
tables in the VPC 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Prevent traffic from traversing the internet = Gateway VPC endpoint for S3. 
 
 
QUESTION 572 
A company has a mobile chat application with a data store based in Amazon DynamoDB. Users 
would like new messages to be read with as little latency as possible. A solutions architect needs 
to design an optimal solution that requires minimal application changes. 
 
Which method should the solutions architect select? 
 
A. Configure Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for the new messages table. Update the code 
to use the DAX endpoint. 
B. Add DynamoDB read replicas to handle the increased read load. Update the application to point 
to the read endpoint for the read replicas. 
C. Double the number of read capacity units for the new messages table in DynamoDB. Continue to 
use the existing DynamoDB endpoint. 
D. Add an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cache to the application stack. Update the application to 
point to the Redis cache endpoint instead of DynamoDB. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
278 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 573 
A company hosts a website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer 
(ALB). The website serves static content. Website traffic is increasing, and the company is 
concerned about a potential increase in cost. 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution to cache state files at edge locations 
B. Create an Amazon ElastiCache cluster. Connect the ALB to the ElastiCache cluster to serve 
cached files 
C. Create an AWS WAF web ACL and associate it with the ALB. Add a rule to the web ACL to cache 
static files 
D. Create a second ALB in an alternative AWS Region. Route user traffic to the closest Region to 
minimize data transfer costs 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudFront: CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) service that caches content 
at edge locations worldwide. By creating a CloudFront distribution, static content from the website 
can be cached at edge locations, reducing the load on the EC2 instances and improving the 
overall performance. 
Caching Static Files: Since the website serves static content, caching these files at CloudFront 
edge locations can significantly reduce the number of requests forwarded to the EC2 instances. 
This helps to lower the overall cost by offloading traffic from the instances and reducing the data 
transfer costs. 
 
 
QUESTION 574 
A company has multiple VPCs across AWS Regions to support and run workloads that are 
isolated from workloads in other Regions. Because of a recent application launch requirement, 
the company's VPCs must communicate with all other VPCs across all Regions. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of administrative effort? 
 
A. Use VPC peering to manage VPC communication in a single Region. Use VPC peering across 
Regions to manage VPC communications. 
B. Use AWS Direct Connect gateways across all Regions to connect VPCs across regions and 
manage VPC communications. 
C. Use AWS Transit Gateway to manage VPC communication in a single Region and Transit 
Gateway peering across Regions to manage VPC communications. 
D. Use AWS PrivateLink across all Regions to connect VPCs across Regions and manage VPC 
communications 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Transit Gateway: Transit Gateway is a highly scalable service that simplifies network 
connectivity between VPCs and on-premises networks. By using a Transit Gateway in a single 
Region, you can centralize VPC communication management and reduce administrative effort. 
Transit Gateway Peering: Transit Gateway supports peering connections across AWS Regions, 
allowing you to establish connectivity between VPCs in different Regions without the need for 
complex VPC peering configurations. This simplifies the management of VPC communications 
across Regions. 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
279 
QUESTION 575 
A company is designing a containerized application that will use Amazon Elastic Container 
Service (Amazon ECS). The application needs to access a shared file system that is highly 
durable and can recover data to another AWS Region with a recovery point objective (RPO) of 8 
hours. The file system needs to provide a mount target m each Availability Zone within a Region. 
 
A solutions architect wants to use AWS Backup to manage the replication to another Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server with a Multi-AZ deployment 
B. Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP with a Multi-AZ deployment 
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with the Standard storage class 
D. Amazon FSx for OpenZFS 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/efs/faq/ 
Q: What is Amazon EFS Replication? 
EFS Replication can replicate your file system data to another Region or within the same Region 
without requiring additional infrastructure or a custom process. Amazon EFS Replication 
automatically and transparently replicates your data to a second file system in a Region or AZ of 
your choice. You can use the Amazon EFS console, AWS CLI, and APIs to activate replication on 
an existing file system. EFS Replication is continual and provides a recovery point objective 
(RPO) and a recovery time objective (RTO) of minutes, helping you meet your compliance and 
business continuity goals. 
 
 
QUESTION 576 
A company is expecting rapid growth in the near future. A solutions architect needs to configure 
existing users and grant permissions to new users on AWS. The solutions architect has decided 
to create IAM groups. The solutions architect will add the new users to IAM groups based on 
department. 
 
Which additional action is the MOST secure way to grant permissions to the new users? 
 
A. Apply service control policies (SCPs) to manage access permissions 
B. Create IAM roles that have least privilege permission. Attach the roles to the IAM groups 
C. Create an IAM policy that grants least privilege permission. Attach the policy to the IAM groups 
D. Create IAM roles. Associate the roles with a permissions boundary that defines the maximum 
permissions 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_groups_manage_attach-policy.html 
Attaching a policy to an IAM user group. 
 
 
QUESTION 577 
A group requires permissions to list an Amazon S3 bucket and delete objects from that bucket. 
An administrator has created the following IAM policy to provide access to the bucket and applied 
that policy to the group. The group is not able to delete objects in the bucket. The company 
follows least-privilege access rules. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
280 
 
 
Which statement should a solutions architect add to the policy to correct bucket access? 
 
A. 
B. 
C. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
281 
D. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 578 
A law firm needs to share information with the public. The information includes hundreds of files 
that must be publicly readable. Modifications or deletions of the files by anyone before a 
designated future date are prohibited. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure way? 
 
A. Upload all files to an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured for static website hosting. Grant read-
only IAM permissions to any AWS principals that access the S3 bucket until the designated date. 
B. Create a new Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled. Use S3 Object Lock with a 
retention period in accordance with the designated date. Configure the S3 bucket for static 
website hosting. Set an S3 bucket policy to allow read-only access to the objects. 
C. Create a new Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled. Configure an event trigger to run 
an AWS Lambda function in case of object modification or deletion. Configure the Lambda 
function to replace the objects with the original versions from a private S3 bucket. 
D. Upload all files to an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured for static website hosting. Select the 
folder that contains the files. Use S3 Object Lock with a retention period in accordance with the 
designated date. Grant read-only IAM permissions to any AWS principals that access the S3 
bucket. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock.html 
 
 
QUESTION 579 
A company is making a prototype of the infrastructure for its new website by manually 
provisioning the necessary infrastructure. This infrastructure includes an Auto Scaling group, an 
Application Load Balancer and an Amazon RDS database. After the configuration has been 
thoroughly validated, the company wants the capability to immediately deploy the infrastructure 
for development and production use in two Availability Zones in an automated fashion. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Systems Manager to replicate and provision the prototype infrastructure in two 
Availability Zones 
B. Define the infrastructure as a template by using the prototype infrastructure as a guide. Deploy 
the infrastructure with AWS CloudFormation. 
C. Use AWS Config to record the inventory of resources that are used in the prototype infrastructure. 
Use AWS Config to deploy the prototype infrastructure into two Availability Zones. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
282 
D. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk and configure it to use an automated reference to the prototype 
infrastructure to automatically deploy new environments in two Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS CloudFormation is a service that allows you to define and provision infrastructure as code. 
This means that you can create a template that describes the resources you want to create, and 
then use CloudFormation to deploy those resources in an automated fashion. 
In this case, the solutions architect should define the infrastructure as a template by using the 
prototype infrastructure as a guide. The template should include resources for an Auto Scaling 
group, an Application Load Balancer, and an Amazon RDS database. Once the template is 
created, the solutions architect can use CloudFormation to deploy the infrastructure in two 
Availability Zones. 
 
 
QUESTION 580 
A business application is hosted on Amazon EC2 and uses Amazon S3 for encrypted object 
storage. The chief information security officer has directed that no application traffic between the 
two services should traverse the public internet. 
 
Which capability should the solutions architect use to meet the compliance requirements? 
 
A. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
B. VPC endpoint 
C. Private subnet 
D. Virtual private gateway 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
A VPC endpoint enables you to privately access AWS services without requiring internet 
gateways, NAT gateways, VPN connections, or AWS Direct Connect connections. It allows you to 
connect your VPC directly to supported AWS services, such as Amazon S3, over a private 
connection within the AWS network. 
By creating a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3, the traffic between your EC2 instances and S3 will 
stay within the AWS network and won't traverse the public internet. This provides a more secure 
and compliant solution, as the data transfer remains within the private network boundaries. 
 
 
QUESTION 581 
A company hosts a three-tier web application in the AWS Cloud. A Multi-AZAmazon RDS for 
MySQL server forms the database layer Amazon ElastiCache forms the cache layer. The 
company wants a caching strategy that adds or updates data in the cache when a customer adds 
an item to the database. The data in the cache must always match the data in the database. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Implement the lazy loading caching strategy 
B. Implement the write-through caching strategy 
C. Implement the adding TTL caching strategy 
D. Implement the AWS AppConfig caching strategy 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
In the write-through caching strategy, when a customer adds or updates an item in the database, 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
283 
the application first writes the data to the database and then updates the cache with the same 
data. This ensures that the cache is always synchronized with the database, as every write 
operation triggers an update to the cache. 
 
 
QUESTION 582 
A company wants to migrate 100 GB of historical data from an on-premises location to an 
Amazon S3 bucket. The company has a 100 megabits per second (Mbps) internet connection on 
premises. The company needs to encrypt the data in transit to the S3 bucket. The company will 
store new data directly in Amazon S3. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use the s3 sync command in the AWS CLI to move the data directly to an S3 bucket 
B. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data from the on-premises location to an S3 bucket 
C. Use AWS Snowball to move the data to an S3 bucket 
D. Set up an IPsec VPN from the on-premises location to AWS. Use the s3 cp command in the AWS 
CLI to move the data directly to an S3 bucket 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS DataSync is a fully managed data transfer service that simplifies and automates the 
process of moving data between on-premises storage and Amazon S3. It provides secure and 
efficient data transfer with built-in encryption, ensuring that the data is encrypted in transit. 
By using AWS DataSync, the company can easily migrate the 100 GB of historical data from their 
on-premises location to an S3 bucket. DataSync will handle the encryption of data in transit and 
ensure secure transfer. 
 
 
QUESTION 583 
A company containerized a Windows job that runs on .NET 6 Framework under a Windows 
container. The company wants to run this job in the AWS Cloud. The job runs every 10 minutes. 
The job's runtime varies between 1 minute and 3 minutes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function based on the container image of the job. Configure Amazon 
EventBridge to invoke the function every 10 minutes. 
B. Use AWS Batch to create a job that uses AWS Fargate resources. Configure the job scheduling 
to run every 10 minutes. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate to run the job. Create a 
scheduled task based on the container image of the job to run every 10 minutes. 
D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate to run the job. Create a 
standalone task based on the container image of the job. Use Windows task scheduler to run the 
job every 10 minutes. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
By leveraging AWS Fargate and ECS, you can achieve cost-effective scaling and resource 
allocation for your containerized Windows job running on .NET 6 Framework in the AWS Cloud. 
The serverless nature of Fargate ensures that you only pay for the actual resources consumed by 
your containers, allowing for efficient cost management. 
 
 
QUESTION 584 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
284 
A company wants to move from many standalone AWS accounts to a consolidated, multi-account 
architecture. The company plans to create many new AWS accounts for different business units. 
The company needs to authenticate access to these AWS accounts by using a centralized 
corporate directory service. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect recommend to meet these 
requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations with all features turned on. Create the new 
AWS accounts in the organization. 
B. Set up an Amazon Cognito identity pool. Configure AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-
On) to accept Amazon Cognito authentication. 
C. Configure a service control policy (SCP) to manage the AWS accounts. Add AWS IAM Identity 
Center (AWS Single Sign-On) to AWS Directory Service. 
D. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations. Configure the organization's authentication 
mechanism to use AWS Directory Service directly. 
E. Set up AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) in the organization. Configure IAM 
Identity Center, and integrate it with the company's corporate directory service. 
 
Answer: AE 
Explanation: 
A. By creating a new organization in AWS Organizations, you can establish a consolidated multi-
account architecture. This allows you to create and manage multiple AWS accounts for different 
business units under a single organization. 
E. Setting up AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) within the organization enables 
you to integrate it with the company's corporate directory service. This integration allows for 
centralized authentication, where users can sign in using their corporate credentials and access 
the AWS accounts within the organization. 
Together, these actions create a centralized, multi-account architecture that leverages AWS 
Organizations for account management and AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) for 
authentication and access control. 
 
 
QUESTION 585 
A company is looking for a solution that can store video archives in AWS from old news footage. 
The company needs to minimize costs and will rarely need to restore these files. When the files 
are needed, they must be available in a maximum of five minutes. 
 
What is the MOST cost-effective solution? 
 
A. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 Glacier and use Expedited retrievals. 
B. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 Glacier and use Standard retrievals. 
C. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). 
D. Store the video archives in Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By choosing Expedited retrievals in Amazon S3 Glacier, you can reduce the retrieval time to 
minutes, making it suitable for scenarios where quick access is required. Expedited retrievals 
come with a higher cost per retrieval compared to standard retrievals but provide faster access to 
your archived data. 
 
 
QUESTION 586 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
285 
A company is building a three-tier application on AWS. The presentation tier will serve a static 
website The logic tier is a containerized application. This application will store data in a relational 
database. The company wants to simplify deployment and to reduce operational costs. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) 
with AWS Fargate for compute power. Use a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database. 
B. Use Amazon CloudFront to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon 
ECS) with Amazon EC2 for compute power. Use a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the 
database. 
C. Use Amazon S3 to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) 
with AWS Fargate for compute power. Use a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database. 
D. Use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances to host static content. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes 
Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 for compute power. Use a managed Amazon RDS 
cluster for the database. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 is a highly scalable and cost-effective storage service that can be used to host static 
website content. It provides durability, high availability, and low latency access to the static files. 
Amazon ECS with AWS Fargate eliminates the need to manage the underlying infrastructure. It 
allows you to run containerized applications without provisioning or managing EC2 instances. 
This reduces operational overhead and provides scalability. 
By using a managed Amazon RDS cluster for the database, you can offload the management 
tasks such as backups, patching, and monitoring to AWS. This reduces the operational burden 
and ensures high availability and durability of the database. 
 
 
QUESTION 587 
A company seeks a storage solution for its application. The solution must be highly available and 
scalable. The solution also must function as a file system be mountable by multiple Linux 
instances in AWS and on premises through native protocols, and have no minimum size 
requirements. The company has set up a Site-to-Site VPN for access from its on-premises 
network to its VPC. 
 
Which storage solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon FSx Multi-AZ deployments 
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Multi-Attach volumes 
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with multiple mount targets 
D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with a single mount target and multiple access points 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon EFS is a fully managed file system service that provides scalable, shared storage for 
Amazon EC2 instances. It supports the Network File System version 4 (NFSv4) protocol, which is 
a native protocol for Linux-based systems. EFS is designed to be highly available, durable, and 
scalable. 
 
 
QUESTION 588 
A 4-year-old media company is using the AWS Organizations all features feature set to organize 
its AWS accounts. According to the company's finance team, the billing information on the 
member accounts must not be accessible to anyone, including the root user of the member 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
286 
accounts. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Add all finance team users to an IAM group. Attach an AWS managed policy named Billing to the 
group. 
B. Attach an identity-based policy to deny access to the billing information to all users, including the 
root user. 
C. Create a service control policy (SCP) to deny access to the billing information. Attach the SCP to 
the root organizational unit (OU). 
D. Convert from the Organizations all features feature set to the Organizations consolidated billing 
feature set. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Service control policy are a type of organization policy that you can use to manage permissions in 
your organization. SCPs offer central control over the maximum available permissions for all 
accounts in your organization. SCPs help you to ensure your accounts stay within your 
organization's access control guidelines. SCPs are available only in an organization that has all 
features enabled. 
 
 
QUESTION 589 
An ecommerce company runs an application in the AWS Cloud that is integrated with an on-
premises warehouse solution. The company uses Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon 
SNS) to send order messages to an on-premises HTTPS endpoint so the warehouse application 
can process the orders. The local data center team has detected that some of the order 
messages were not received. 
 
A solutions architect needs to retain messages that are not delivered and analyze the messages 
for up to 14 days. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon SNS dead letter queue that has an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream target 
with a retention period of 14 days. 
B. Add an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue with a retention period of 14 days 
between the application and Amazon SNS. 
C. Configure an Amazon SNS dead letter queue that has an Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) target with a retention period of 14 days. 
D. Configure an Amazon SNS dead letter queue that has an Amazon DynamoDB target with a TTL 
attribute set for a retention period of 14 days. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The message retention period in Amazon SQS can be set between 1 minute and 14 days (the 
default is 4 days). Therefore, you can configure your SQS DLQ to retain undelivered SNS 
messages for 14 days. This will enable you to analyze undelivered messages with the least 
development effort. 
 
 
QUESTION 590 
A gaming company uses Amazon DynamoDB to store user information such as geographic 
location, player data, and leaderboards. The company needs to configure continuous backups to 
an Amazon S3 bucket with a minimal amount of coding. The backups must not affect availability 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
287 
of the application and must not affect the read capacity units (RCUs) that are defined for the 
table. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Use an Amazon EMR cluster. Create an Apache Hive job to back up the data to Amazon S3. 
B. Export the data directly from DynamoDB to Amazon S3 with continuous backups. Turn on point-
in-time recovery for the table. 
C. Configure Amazon DynamoDB Streams. Create an AWS Lambda function to consume the 
stream and export the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to export the data from the database tables to Amazon S3 on a 
regular basis. Turn on point-in-time recovery for the table. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Continuous backups is a native feature of DynamoDB, it works at any scale without having to 
manage servers or clusters and allows you to export data across AWS Regions and accounts to 
any point-in-time in the last 35 days at a per-second granularity. Plus, it doesn't affect the read 
capacity or the availability of your production tables. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-export-amazon-dynamodb-table-data-to-data-lake-
amazon-s3/ 
 
 
QUESTION 591 
A solutions architect is designing an asynchronous application to process credit card data 
validation requests for a bank. The application must be secure and be able to process each 
request at least once. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use AWS Lambda event source mapping. Set Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
standard queues as the event source. Use AWS Key Management Service (SSE-KMS) for 
encryption. Add the kms:Decrypt permission for the Lambda execution role. 
B. Use AWS Lambda event source mapping. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
FIFO queues as the event source. Use SQS managed encryption keys (SSE-SQS) for encryption. 
Add the encryption key invocation permission for the Lambda function. 
C. Use the AWS Lambda event source mapping. Set Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
FIFO queues as the event source. Use AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Add the kms:Decrypt 
permission for the Lambda execution role. 
D. Use the AWS Lambda event source mapping. Set Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
standard queues as the event source. Use AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) for encryption. Add the 
encryption key invocation permission for the Lambda function. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_tw/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-
least-privilege-policy.html 
 
 
QUESTION 592 
A company has multiple AWS accounts for development work. Some staff consistently use 
oversized Amazon EC2 instances, which causes the company to exceed the yearly budget for the 
development accounts. The company wants to centrally restrict the creation of AWS resources in 
these accounts. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
288 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort? 
 
A. Develop AWS Systems Manager templates that use an approved EC2 creation process. Use the 
approved Systems Manager templates to provision EC2 instances. 
B. Use AWS Organizations to organize the accounts into organizational units (OUs). Define and 
attach a service control policy (SCP) to control the usage of EC2 instance types. 
C. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule that invokes an AWS Lambda function when an EC2 
instance is created. Stop disallowed EC2 instance types. 
D. Set up AWS Service Catalog products for the staff to create the allowed EC2 instance types. 
Ensure that staff can deploy EC2 instances only by using the Service Catalog products. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Organizations: AWS Organizations is a service that helps you centrally manage multiple 
AWS accounts. It enables you to group accounts into organizational units (OUs) and apply 
policies across those accounts. 
Service Control Policies (SCPs): SCPs in AWS Organizations allow you to define fine-grained 
permissions and restrictions at the account or OU level. By attaching an SCP to the development 
accounts, you can control the creation and usage of EC2 instance types. 
Least Development Effort: Option B requires minimal development effort as it leverages the built-
in features of AWS Organizations and SCPs. You can define the SCP to restrict the use of 
oversized EC2 instance types and apply it to the appropriate OUs or accounts. 
 
 
QUESTION 593 
A company wants to use artificial intelligence (AI) to determine the quality of its customer service 
calls. The company currently manages calls in four different languages, including English. The 
company will offer new languages in the future. The company does not have the resources to 
regularly maintain machine learning (ML) models. 
 
The company needs to create written sentiment analysis reports from the customer service call 
recordings. The customer service call recording text must be translated into English. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Use Amazon Comprehend to translate the audio recordings into English. 
B. Use Amazon Lex to create the written sentiment analysis reports. 
C. Use Amazon Polly to convert the audio recordings into text. 
D. Use Amazon Transcribe to convert the audio recordings in any language into text. 
E. Use Amazon Translate to translate text in any language to English. 
F. Use Amazon Comprehend to create the sentiment analysis reports. 
 
Answer: DEF 
Explanation: 
Amazon Transcribe will convert the audio recordings into text, Amazon Translate will translate the 
text into English, and Amazon Comprehend will perform sentiment analysis on the translated text 
to generate sentiment analysis reports. 
 
 
QUESTION 594 
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances to host its internal systems. As part of a deployment 
operation, an administrator tries to use the AWS CLI to terminate an EC2 instance. However, the 
administrator receives a 403 (Access Denied) error message. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
289 
The administrator is using an IAM role that has the following IAM policy attached: 
 
 
 
What is the cause of the unsuccessful request? 
 
A. The EC2 instance has a resource-based policy with a Deny statement. 
B. The principal has not been specified in the policy statement. 
C. The "Action" field does not grant the actions that are required to terminate the EC2 instance. 
D. The request to terminate the EC2 instance does not originate from the CIDR blocks 192.0.2.0/24 
or 203.0.113.0/24. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 595 
A company is conducting an internal audit. The company wants to ensure that the data in an 
Amazon S3 bucket that is associated with the company's AWS Lake Formation data lake does 
not contain sensitive customer or employee data. The company wants to discover personally 
identifiable information (PII) or financial information, including passport numbers and credit card 
numbers. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
290 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure AWS Audit Manager on the account. Select the Payment Card Industry Data Security 
Standards (PCI DSS) for auditing. 
B. Configure Amazon S3 Inventory on the S3 bucket Configure Amazon Athena to query the 
inventory. 
C. Configure Amazon Macie to run a data discovery job that uses managed identifiers for the 
required data types. 
D. Use Amazon S3 Select to run a report across the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon Macie is a service that helps discover, classify, and protect sensitive data stored in 
AWS. It uses machine learning algorithms and managed identifiers to detect various types of 
sensitive information, including personally identifiable information (PII) and financial information. 
By configuring Amazon Macie to run a data discovery job with the appropriate managed 
identifiers for the required data types (such as passport numbers and credit card numbers), the 
company can identify and classify any sensitive data present in the S3 bucket. 
 
 
QUESTION 596 
A company uses on-premises servers to host its applications. The company is running out of 
storage capacity. The applications use both block storage and NFS storage. The company needs 
a high-performing solution that supports local caching without re-architecting its existing 
applications. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Mount Amazon S3 as a file system to the on-premises servers. 
B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway to replace NFS storage. 
C. Deploy AWS Snowball Edge to provision NFS mounts to on-premises servers. 
D. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway to replace the block storage. 
E. Deploy Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volumes and mount them to on-premises 
servers. 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
By combining the deployment of an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway and an AWS Storage 
Gateway volume gateway, the company can address both its block storage and NFS storage 
needs, while leveraging local caching capabilities for improved performance. 
 
 
QUESTION 597 
A company has a service that reads and writes large amounts of data from an Amazon S3 bucket 
in the same AWS Region. The service is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances within the private 
subnet of a VPC. The service communicates with Amazon S3 over a NAT gateway in the public 
subnet. However, the company wants a solution that will reduce the data output costs. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Provision a dedicated EC2 NAT instance in the public subnet. Configure the route table for the 
private subnet to use the elastic network interface of this instance as the destination for all S3 
traffic. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
291 
B. Provision a dedicated EC2 NAT instance in the private subnet. Configure the route table for the 
public subnet to use the elastic network interface of this instance as the destination for all S3 
traffic. 
C. Provision a VPC gateway endpoint. Configure the route table for the private subnet to use the 
gateway endpoint as the route for all S3 traffic. 
D. Provision a second NAT gateway. Configure the route table for the private subnet to use this NAT 
gateway as the destination for all S3 traffic. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
A VPC gateway endpoint allows you to privately access Amazon S3 from within your VPC without 
using a NAT gateway or NAT instance. By provisioning a VPC gateway endpoint for S3, the 
service in the private subnet can directly communicate with S3 without incurring data transfer 
costs for traffic going through a NAT gateway. 
 
 
QUESTION 598 
A company uses Amazon S3 to store high-resolution pictures in an S3 bucket. To minimize 
application changes, the company stores the pictures as the latest version of an S3 object. The 
company needs to retain only the two most recent versions of the pictures. 
 
The company wants to reduce costs. The company has identified the S3 bucket as a large 
expense. 
 
Which solution will reduce the S3 costs with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use S3 Lifecycle to delete expired object versions and retain the two most recent versions. 
B. Use an AWS Lambda function to check for older versions and delete all but the two most recent 
versions. 
C. Use S3 Batch Operations to delete noncurrent object versions and retain only the two most recent 
versions. 
D. Deactivate versioning on the S3 bucket and retain the two most recent versions. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
S3 Lifecycle policies allow you to define rules that automatically transition or expire objects based 
on their age or other criteria. By configuring an S3 Lifecycle policy to delete expired object 
versions and retain only the two most recent versions, you can effectively manage the storage 
costs while maintaining the desired retention policy. This solution is highly automated and 
requires minimal operational overhead as the lifecycle management is handled by S3 itself. 
 
 
QUESTION 599 
A company needs to minimize the cost of its 1 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection. The 
company's average connection utilization is less than 10%. A solutions architect must 
recommend a solution that will reduce the cost without compromising security. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up a new 1 Gbps Direct Connect connection. Share the connection with another AWS 
account. 
B. Set up a new 200 Mbps Direct Connect connection in the AWS Management Console. 
C. Contact an AWS Direct Connect Partner to order a 1 Gbps connection. Share the connection with 
another AWS account. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
292 
D. Contact an AWS Direct Connect Partner to order a 200 Mbps hosted connection for an existing 
AWS account. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
For Dedicated Connections, 1 Gbps, 10 Gbps, and 100 Gbps ports are available. For Hosted 
Connections, connection speeds of 50 Mbps, 100 Mbps, 200 Mbps, 300 Mbps, 400 Mbps, 500 
Mbps, 1 Gbps, 2 Gbps, 5 Gbps and 10 Gbps may be ordered from approved AWS Direct 
Connect Partners. 
 
 
QUESTION 600 
A company has multiple Windows file servers on premises. The company wants to migrate and 
consolidate its files into an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. File permissions 
must be preserved to ensure that access rights do not change. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Deploy AWS DataSync agents on premises. Schedule DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the 
FSx for Windows File Server file system. 
B. Copy the shares on each file server into Amazon S3 buckets by using the AWS CLI. Schedule 
AWS DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file system. 
C. Remove the drives from each file server. Ship the drives to AWS for import into Amazon S3. 
Schedule AWS DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File Server file 
system. 
D. Order an AWS Snowcone device. Connect the device to the on-premises network. Launch AWS 
DataSync agents on the device. Schedule DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for 
Windows File Server file system. 
E. Order an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device. Connect the device to the on-premises 
network. Copy data to the device by using the AWS CLI. Ship the device back to AWS for import 
into Amazon S3. Schedule AWS DataSync tasks to transfer the data to the FSx for Windows File 
Server file system. 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
A - This option involves deploying DataSync agents on your on-premises file servers and using 
DataSync to transfer the data directly to the FSx for Windows File Server. DataSync ensures that 
file permissions are preserved during the migration process. 
D - This option involves using an AWS Snowcone device, a portable data transfer device. You 
would connect the Snowcone device to your on-premises network, launch DataSync agents on 
the device, and schedule DataSync tasks to transfer the data to FSx for Windows File Server. 
DataSync handles the migration process while preserving file permissions. 
 
 
QUESTION 601 
A company wants to ingest customer payment data into the company's data lake in Amazon S3. 
The company receives payment data every minute on average. The company wants to analyze 
the payment data in real time. Then the company wants to ingest the data into the data lake. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to ingest data. Use AWS Lambda to analyze the data in real 
time. 
B. Use AWS Glue to ingest data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to analyze the data in real 
time. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
293 
C. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to ingest data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to 
analyze the data in real time. 
D. Use Amazon API Gateway to ingest data. Use AWS Lambda to analyze the data in real time. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
By leveraging the combination of Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose and Amazon Kinesis Data 
Analytics, you can efficiently ingest and analyze the payment data in real time without the need 
for manual processing or additional infrastructure management. This solution provides a 
streamlined and scalable approach to handle continuous data ingestion and analysis 
requirements. 
 
 
QUESTION 602 
A company runs a website that uses a content management system (CMS) on Amazon EC2. The 
CMS runs on a single EC2 instance and uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance 
for the data tier. Website images are stored on an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volume that is mounted inside the EC2 instance. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to improve the performance and 
resilience of the website? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Move the website images into an Amazon S3 bucket that is mounted on every EC2 instance 
B. Share the website images by using an NFS share from the primary EC2 instance. Mount this 
share on the other EC2 instances. 
C. Move the website images onto an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system that is 
mounted on every EC2 instance. 
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the existing EC2 instance. Use the AMI to 
provision new instances behind an Application Load Balancer as part of an Auto Scaling group. 
Configure the Auto Scaling group to maintain a minimum of two instances. Configure an 
accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator for the website 
E. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the existing EC2 instance. Use the AMI to 
provision new instances behind an Application Load Balancer as part of an Auto Scaling group. 
Configure the Auto Scaling group to maintain a minimum of two instances. Configure an Amazon 
CloudFront distribution for the website. 
 
Answer: CE 
Explanation: 
By combining the use of Amazon EFS for shared file storage and Amazon CloudFront for content 
delivery, you can achieve improved performance and resilience for the website. 
 
 
QUESTION 603 
A company runs an infrastructure monitoring service. The company is building a new feature that 
will enable the service to monitor data in customer AWS accounts. The new feature will call AWS 
APIs in customer accounts to describe Amazon EC2 instances and read Amazon CloudWatch 
metrics. 
 
What should the company do to obtain access to customer accounts in the MOST secure way? 
 
A. Ensure that the customers create an IAM role in their account with read-only EC2 and 
CloudWatch permissions and a trust policy to the company's account. 
B. Create a serverless API that implements a token vending machine to provide temporary AWS 
credentials for a role with read-only EC2 and CloudWatch permissions. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
294 
C. Ensure that the customers create an IAM user in their account with read-only EC2 and 
CloudWatch permissions. Encrypt and store customer access and secret keys in a secrets 
management system. 
D. Ensure that the customers create an Amazon Cognito user in their account to use an IAM role 
with read-only EC2 and CloudWatch permissions. Encrypt and store the Amazon Cognito user 
and password in a secrets management system. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By having customers create an IAM role with the necessary permissions in their own accounts, 
the company can use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to establish cross-account 
access. The trust policy allows the company's AWS account to assume the customer's IAM role 
temporarily, granting access to the specified resources (EC2 instances and CloudWatch metrics) 
within the customer's account. This approach follows the principle of least privilege, as the 
company only requests the necessary permissions and does not require long-term access keys 
or user credentials from the customers. 
 
 
QUESTION 604 
A company needs to connect several VPCs in the us-east-1 Region that span hundreds of AWS 
accounts. The company's networking team has its own AWS account to manage the cloud 
network. 
 
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to connect the VPCs? 
 
A. Set up VPC peering connections between each VPC. Update each associated subnet's route 
table 
B. Configure a NAT gateway and an internet gateway in each VPC to connect each VPC through the 
internet 
C. Create an AWS Transit Gateway in the networking team's AWS account. Configure static routes 
from each VPC. 
D. Deploy VPN gateways in each VPC. Create a transit VPC in the networking team's AWS account 
to connect to each VPC. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
WS Transit Gateway is a highly scalable and centralized hub for connecting multiple VPCs, on-
premises networks, and remote networks. It simplifies network connectivity by providing a single 
entry point and reducing the number of connections required. In this scenario, deploying an AWS 
Transit Gateway in the networking team's AWS account allows for efficient management and 
control over the network connectivity across multiple VPCs. 
 
 
QUESTION 605 
A company has Amazon EC2 instances that run nightly batch jobs to process data. The EC2 
instances run in an Auto Scaling group that uses On-Demand billing. If a job fails on one 
instance, another instance will reprocess the job. The batch jobs run between 12:00 AM and 
06:00 AM local time every day. 
 
Which solution will provide EC2 instances to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Purchase a 1-year Savings Plan for Amazon EC2 that covers the instance family of the Auto 
Scaling group that the batch job uses. 
B. Purchase a 1-year Reserved Instance for the specific instance type and operating system of the 
instances in the Auto Scaling group that the batch job uses. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
295 
C. Create a new launch template for the Auto Scaling group. Set the instances to Spot Instances. 
Set a policy to scale out based on CPU usage. 
D. Create a new launch template for the Auto Scaling group. Increase the instance size. Set a policy 
to scale out based on CPU usage. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Purchasing a 1-year Savings Plan (option A) or a 1-year Reserved Instance (option B) may 
provide cost savings, but they are more suitable for long-running, steady-state workloads. Since 
your batch jobs run for a specific period each day, using Spot Instances with the ability to scale 
out based on CPU usage is a more cost-effective choice. 
 
 
QUESTION 606 
A social media company is building a feature for its website. The feature will give users the ability 
to upload photos. The company expects significant increases in demand during large events and 
must ensure that the website can handle the upload traffic from users. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements with the MOST scalability? 
 
A. Upload files from the user's browser to the application servers. Transfer the files to an Amazon S3 
bucket. 
B. Provision an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Upload files directly from the user's browser to 
the file gateway. 
C. Generate Amazon S3 presigned URLs in the application. Upload files directly from the user's 
browser into an S3 bucket. 
D. Provision an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Upload files directly from the 
user's browser to the file system. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
This approach allows users to upload files directly to S3 without passing through the application 
servers, reducing the load on the application and improving scalability. It leverages the client-side 
capabilities to handle the file uploads and offloads the processing to S3. 
 
 
QUESTION 607 
A company has a web application for travel ticketing. The application is based on a database that 
runs in a single data center in North America. The company wants to expand the application to 
serve a global user base. The company needs to deploy the application to multiple AWS Regions. 
Average latency must be less than 1 second on updates to the reservation database. 
 
The company wants to have separate deployments of its web platform across multiple Regions. 
However, the company must maintain a single primary reservation database that is globally 
consistent. 
 
Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Convert the application to use Amazon DynamoDB. Use a global table for the center reservation 
table. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment. 
B. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. Deploy Aurora Read Replicas in 
each Region. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment for access to the 
database. 
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. Deploy MySQL read replicas in 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
296 
each Region. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment for access to the 
database. 
D. Migrate the application to an Amazon Aurora Serverless database. Deploy instances of the 
database to each Region. Use the correct Regional endpoint in each Regional deployment to 
access the database. Use AWS Lambda functions to process event streams in each Region to 
synchronize the databases. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Using DynamoDB's global tables feature, you can achieve a globally consistent reservation 
database with low latency on updates, making it suitable for serving a global user base. The 
automatic replication provided by DynamoDB eliminates the need for manual synchronization 
between Regions. 
 
 
QUESTION 608 
A company has migrated multiple Microsoft Windows Server workloads to Amazon EC2 
instances that run in the us-west-1 Region. The company manually backs up the workloads to 
create an image as needed. 
 
In the event of a natural disaster in the us-west-1 Region, the company wants to recover 
workloads quickly in the us-west-2 Region. The company wants no more than 24 hours of data 
loss on the EC2 instances. The company also wants to automate any backups of the EC2 
instances. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative effort? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup 
based on tags. Schedule the backup to run twice daily. Copy the image on demand. 
B. Create an Amazon EC2-backed Amazon Machine Image (AMI) lifecycle policy to create a backup 
based on tags. Schedule the backup to run twice daily. Configure the copy to the us-west-2 
Region. 
C. Create backup vaults in us-west-1 and in us-west-2 by using AWS Backup. Create a backup plan 
for the EC2 instances based on tag values. Create an AWS Lambda function to run as a 
scheduled job to copy the backup data to us-west-2. 
D. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the 
EC2 instances based on tag values. Define the destination for the copy as us-west-2. Specify the 
backup schedule to run twice daily. 
E. Create a backup vault by using AWS Backup. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan for the 
EC2 instances based on tag values. Specify the backup schedule to run twice daily. Copy on 
demand to us-west-2. 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
Solutions are both automated and require no manual intervention to create or copy backups 
 
 
QUESTION 609 
A company operates a two-tier application for image processing. The application uses two 
Availability Zones, each with one public subnet and one private subnet. An Application Load 
Balancer (ALB) for the web tier uses the public subnets. Amazon EC2 instances for the 
application tier use the private subnets. 
 
Users report that the application is running more slowly than expected. A security audit of the web 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
297 
server log files shows that the application is receiving millions of illegitimate requests from a small 
number of IP addresses. A solutions architect needs to resolve the immediate performance 
problem while the company investigates a more permanent solution. 
 
What should the solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Modify the inbound security group for the web tier. Add a deny rule for the IP addresses that are 
consuming resources. 
B. Modify the network ACL for the web tier subnets. Add an inbound deny rule for the IP addresses 
that are consuming resources. 
C. Modify the inbound security group for the application tier. Add a deny rule for the IP addresses 
that are consuming resources. 
D. Modify the network ACL for the application tier subnets. Add an inbound deny rule for the IP 
addresses that are consuming resources. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
In this scenario, the security audit reveals that the application is receiving millions of illegitimate 
requests from a small number of IP addresses. To address this issue, it is recommended to 
modify the network ACL (Access Control List) for the web tier subnets. 
By adding an inbound deny rule specifically targeting the IP addresses that are consuming 
resources, the network ACL can block the illegitimate traffic at the subnet level before it reaches 
the web servers. This will help alleviate the excessive load on the web tier and improve the 
application's performance. 
 
 
QUESTION 610 
A global marketing company has applications that run in the ap-southeast-2 Region and the eu-
west-1 Region. Applications that run in a VPC in eu-west-1 need to communicate securely with 
databases that run in a VPC in ap-southeast-2. 
 
Which network design will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a VPC peering connection between the eu-west-1 VPC and the ap-southeast-2 VPC. 
Create an inbound rule in the eu-west-1 application security group that allows traffic from the 
database server IP addresses in the ap-southeast-2 security group. 
B. Configure a VPC peering connection between the ap-southeast-2 VPC and the eu-west-1 VPC. 
Update the subnet route tables. Create an inbound rule in the ap-southeast-2 database security 
group that references the security group ID of the application servers in eu-west-1. 
C. Configure a VPC peering connection between the ap-southeast-2 VPC and the eu-west-1 
VPUpdate the subnet route tables. Create an inbound rule in the ap-southeast-2 database 
security group that allows traffic from the eu-west-1 application server IP addresses. 
D. Create a transit gateway with a peering attachment between the eu-west-1 VPC and the ap-
southeast-2 VPC. After the transit gateways are properly peered and routing is configured, create 
an inbound rule in the database security group that references the security group ID of the 
application servers in eu-west-1. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
You cannot reference the security group of a peer VPC that's in a different Region. Instead, use 
the CIDR block of the peer VPC. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/vpc-peering-security-groups.html 
 
 
QUESTION 611 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
298 
A company is developing software that uses a PostgreSQL database schema. The company 
needs to configure multiple development environments and databases for the company's 
developers. On average, each development environment is used for half of the 8-hour workday. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure each development environment with its own Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database 
B. Configure each development environment with its own Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Single-AZ 
DB instances 
C. Configure each development environment with its own Amazon Aurora On-Demand PostgreSQL-
Compatible database 
D. Configure each development environment with its own Amazon S3 bucket by using Amazon S3 
Object Select 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
With Aurora Serverless, you create a database, specify the desired database capacity range, and 
connect your applications. You pay on a per-second basis for the database capacity that you use 
when the database is active, and migrate between standard and serverless configurations with a 
few steps in the Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) console. 
 
 
QUESTION 612 
A company uses AWS Organizations with resources tagged by account. The company also uses 
AWS Backup to back up its AWS infrastructure resources. The company needs to back up all 
AWS resources. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Config to identify all untagged resources. Tag the identified resources 
programmatically. Use tags in the backup plan. 
B. Use AWS Config to identify all resources that are not running. Add those resources to the backup 
vault. 
C. Require all AWS account owners to review their resources to identify the resources that need to 
be backed up. 
D. Use Amazon Inspector to identify all noncompliant resources. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
This solution allows you to leverage AWS Config to identify any untagged resources within your 
AWS Organizations accounts. Once identified, you can programmatically apply the necessary 
tags to indicate the backup requirements for each resource. By using tags in the backup plan 
configuration, you can ensure that only the tagged resources are included in the backup process, 
reducing operational overhead and ensuring all necessary resources are backed up. 
 
 
QUESTION 613 
A social media company wants to allow its users to upload images in an application that is hosted 
in the AWS Cloud. The company needs a solution that automatically resizes the images so that 
the images can be displayed on multiple device types. The application experiences unpredictable 
traffic patterns throughout the day. The company is seeking a highly available solution that 
maximizes scalability. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
299 
A. Create a static website hosted in Amazon S3 that invokes AWS Lambda functions to resize the 
images and store the images in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
B. Create a static website hosted in Amazon CloudFront that invokes AWS Step Functions to resize 
the images and store the images in an Amazon RDS database. 
C. Create a dynamic website hosted on a web server that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. 
Configure a process that runs on the EC2 instance to resize the images and store the images in 
an Amazon S3 bucket. 
D. Create a dynamic website hosted on an automatically scaling Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) cluster that creates a resize job in Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS). Set up an image-resizing program that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance to process the 
resize jobs. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By using Amazon S3 and AWS Lambda together, you can create a serverless architecture that 
provides highly scalable and available image resizing capabilities. Here's how the solution would 
work: 
Set up an Amazon S3 bucket to store the original images uploaded by users. 
Configure an event trigger on the S3 bucket to invoke an AWS Lambda function whenever a new 
image is uploaded. 
The Lambda function can be designed to retrieve the uploaded image, perform the necessary 
resizing operations based on device requirements, and store the resized images back in the S3 
bucket or a different bucket designated for resized images. 
Configure the Amazon S3 bucket to make the resized images publicly accessible for serving to 
users. 
 
 
QUESTION 614 
A company is running a microservices application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company 
wants to migrate the application to an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster 
for scalability. The company must configure the Amazon EKS control plane with endpoint private 
access set to true and endpoint public access set to false to maintain security compliance. The 
company must also put the data plane in private subnets. However, the company has received 
error notifications because the node cannot join the cluster. 
 
Which solution will allow the node to join the cluster? 
 
A. Grant the required permission in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to the 
AmazonEKSNodeRole IAM role. 
B. Create interface VPC endpoints to allow nodes to access the control plane. 
C. Recreate nodes in the public subnet. Restrict security groups for EC2 nodes. 
D. Allow outbound traffic in the security group of the nodes. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
By creating interface VPC endpoints, you can enable the necessary communication between the 
Amazon EKS control plane and the nodes in private subnets. This solution ensures that the 
control plane maintains endpoint private access (set to true) and endpoint public access (set to 
false) for security compliance. 
 
 
QUESTION 615 
A company is migrating an on-premises application to AWS. The company wants to use Amazon 
Redshift as a solution. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
300 
Which use cases are suitable for Amazon Redshift in this scenario? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Supporting data APIs to access data with traditional, containerized, and event-driven applications 
B. Supporting client-side and server-side encryption 
C. Building analytics workloads during specified hours and when the application is not active 
D. Caching data to reduce the pressure on the backend database 
E. Scaling globally to support petabytes of data and tens of millions of requests per minute 
F. Creating a secondary replica of the cluster by using the AWS Management Console 
 
Answer: BCE 
Explanation: 
B. Supporting client-side and server-side encryption: Amazon Redshift supports both client-side 
and server-side encryption for improved data security. 
C. Building analytics workloads during specified hours and when the application is not active: 
Amazon Redshift is optimized for running complex analytic queries against very large datasets, 
making it a good choice for this use case. 
E. Scaling globally to support petabytes of data and tens of millions of requests per minute: 
Amazon Redshift is designed to handle petabytes of data, and to deliver fast query and I/O 
performance for virtually any size dataset. 
 
 
QUESTION 616 
A company provides an API interface to customers so the customers can retrieve their financial 
information. e company expects a larger number of requests during peak usage times of the 
year. 
 
The company requires the API to respond consistently with low latency to ensure customer 
satisfaction. The company needs to provide a compute host for the API. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use an Application Load Balancer and Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). 
B. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions with provisioned concurrency. 
C. Use an Application Load Balancer and an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) 
cluster. 
D. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions with reserved concurrency. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
In the context of the given scenario, where the company wants low latency and consistent 
performance for their API during peak usage times, it would be more suitable to use provisioned 
concurrency. By allocating a specific number of concurrent executions, the company can ensure 
that there are enough function instances available to handle the expected load and minimize the 
impact of cold starts. This will result in lower latency and improved performance for the API. 
 
 
QUESTION 617 
A company wants to send all AWS Systems Manager Session Manager logs to an Amazon S3 
bucket for archival purposes. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Enable S3 logging in the Systems Manager console. Choose an S3 bucket to send the session 
data to. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
301 
B. Install the Amazon CloudWatch agent. Push all logs to a CloudWatch log group. Export the logs 
to an S3 bucket from the group for archival purposes. 
C. Create a Systems Manager document to upload all server logs to a central S3 bucket. Use 
Amazon EventBridge to run the Systems Manager document against all servers that are in the 
account daily. 
D. Install an Amazon CloudWatch agent. Push all logs to a CloudWatch log group. Create a 
CloudWatch logs subscription that pushes any incoming log events to an Amazon Kinesis Data 
Firehose delivery stream. Set Amazon S3 as the destination. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/session-manager-logging.html 
 
 
QUESTION 618 
An application uses an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. The RDS database is becoming low 
on disk space. A solutions architect wants to increase the disk space without downtime. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort? 
 
A. Enable storage autoscaling in RDS 
B. Increase the RDS database instance size 
C. Change the RDS database instance storage type to Provisioned IOPS 
D. Back up the RDS database, increase the storage capacity, restore the database, and stop the 
previous instance 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Enabling storage autoscaling allows RDS to automatically adjust the storage capacity based on 
the application's needs. When the storage usage exceeds a predefined threshold, RDS will 
automatically increase the allocated storage without requiring manual intervention or causing 
downtime. This ensures that the RDS database has sufficient disk space to handle the increasing 
storage requirements. 
 
 
QUESTION 619 
A consulting company provides professional services to customers worldwide. The company 
provides solutions and tools for customers to expedite gathering and analyzing data on AWS. The 
company needs to centrally manage and deploy a common set of solutions and tools for 
customers to use for self-service purposes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create AWS CloudFormation templates for the customers. 
B. Create AWS Service Catalog products for the customers. 
C. Create AWS Systems Manager templates for the customers. 
D. Create AWS Config items for the customers. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Service Catalog allows you to create and manage catalogs of IT services that can be 
deployed within your organization. With Service Catalog, you can define a standardized set of 
products (solutions and tools in this case) that customers can self-service provision. By creating 
Service Catalog products, you can control and enforce the deployment of approved and validated 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
302 
solutions and tools. 
 
 
QUESTION 620 
A company is designing a new web application that will run on Amazon EC2 Instances. The 
application will use Amazon DynamoDB for backend data storage. The application traffic will be 
unpredictable. The company expects that the application read and write throughput to the 
database will be moderate to high. The company needs to scale in response to application traffic. 
 
Which DynamoDB table configuration will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure DynamoDB with provisioned read and write by using the DynamoDB Standard table 
class. Set DynamoDB auto scaling to a maximum defined capacity. 
B. Configure DynamoDB in on-demand mode by using the DynamoDB Standard table class. 
C. Configure DynamoDB with provisioned read and write by using the DynamoDB Standard 
Infrequent Access (DynamoDB Standard-IA) table class. Set DynamoDB auto scaling to a 
maximum defined capacity. 
D. Configure DynamoDB in on-demand mode by using the DynamoDB Standard Infrequent Access 
(DynamoDB Standard-IA) table class. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Service Catalog allows you to create and manage catalogs of IT services that can be 
deployed within your organization. With Service Catalog, you can define a standardized set of 
products (solutions and tools in this case) that customers can self-service provision. By creating 
Service Catalog products, you can control and enforce the deployment of approved and validated 
solutions and tools. 
 
 
QUESTION 621 
A retail company has several businesses. The IT team for each business manages its own AWS 
account. Each team account is part of an organization in AWS Organizations. Each team 
monitors its product inventory levels in an Amazon DynamoDB table in the team's own AWS 
account. 
 
The company is deploying a central inventory reporting application into a shared AWS account. 
The application must be able to read items from all the teams' DynamoDB tables. 
 
Which authentication option will meet these requirements MOST securely? 
 
A. Integrate DynamoDB with AWS Secrets Manager in the inventory application account. Configure 
the application to use the correct secret from Secrets Manager to authenticate and read the 
DynamoDB table. Schedule secret rotation for every 30 days. 
B. In every business account, create an IAM user that has programmatic access. Configure the 
application to use the correct IAM user access key ID and secret access key to authenticate and 
read the DynamoDB table. Manually rotate IAM access keys every 30 days. 
C. In every business account, create an IAM role named BU_ROLE with a policy that gives the role 
access to the DynamoDB table and a trust policy to trust a specific role in the inventory 
application account. In the inventory account, create a role named APP_ROLE that allows access 
to the STS AssumeRole API operation. Configure the application to use APP_ROLE and assume 
the crossaccount role BU_ROLE to read the DynamoDB table. 
D. Integrate DynamoDB with AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Generate identity certificates to 
authenticate DynamoDB. Configure the application to use the correct certificate to authenticate 
and read the DynamoDB table. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
303 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
IAM Roles: IAM roles provide a secure way to grant permissions to entities within AWS. By 
creating an IAM role in each business account named BU_ROLE with the necessary permissions 
to access the DynamoDB table, the access can be controlled at the IAM role level. 
Cross-Account Access: By configuring a trust policy in the BU_ROLE that trusts a specific role in 
the inventory application account (APP_ROLE), you establish a trusted relationship between the 
two accounts. 
Least Privilege: By creating a specific IAM role (BU_ROLE) in each business account and 
granting it access only to the required DynamoDB table, you can ensure that each team's table is 
accessed with the least privilege principle. 
Security Token Service (STS): The use of STS AssumeRole API operation in the inventory 
application account allows the application to assume the cross-account role (BU_ROLE) in each 
business account. 
 
 
QUESTION 622 
A company runs container applications by using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon 
EKS). The company's workload is not consistent throughout the day. The company wants 
Amazon EKS to scale in and out according to the workload. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Use an AWS Lambda function to resize the EKS cluster. 
B. Use the Kubernetes Metrics Server to activate horizontal pod autoscaling. 
C. Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to manage the number of nodes in the cluster. 
D. Use Amazon API Gateway and connect it to Amazon EKS. 
E. Use AWS App Mesh to observe network activity. 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 
By combining the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler (option C) to manage the number of nodes in 
the cluster and enabling horizontal pod autoscaling (option B) with the Kubernetes Metrics 
Server, you can achieve automatic scaling of your EKS cluster and container applications based 
on workload demand. This approach minimizes operational overhead as it leverages built-in 
Kubernetes functionality and automation mechanisms. 
 
 
QUESTION 623 
A company runs a microservice-based serverless web application. The application must be able 
to retrieve data from multiple Amazon DynamoDB tables A solutions architect needs to give the 
application the ability to retrieve the data with no impact on the baseline performance of the 
application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. AWS AppSync pipeline resolvers 
B. Amazon CloudFront with Lambda@Edge functions 
C. Edge-optimized Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda functions 
D. Amazon Athena Federated Query with a DynamoDB connector 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
304 
The Amazon Athena DynamoDB connector enables Amazon Athena to communicate with 
DynamoDB so that you can query your tables with SQL. Write operations like INSERT INTO are 
not supported. 
 
 
QUESTION 624 
A company wants to analyze and troubleshoot Access Denied errors and Unauthorized errors 
that are related to IAM permissions. The company has AWS CloudTrail turned on. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST effort? 
 
A. Use AWS Glue and write custom scripts to query CloudTrail logs for the errors. 
B. Use AWS Batch and write custom scripts to query CloudTrail logs for the errors. 
C. Search CloudTrail logs with Amazon Athena queries to identify the errors. 
D. Search CloudTrail logs with Amazon QuickSight. Create a dashboard to identify the errors. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
"Using Athena with CloudTrail logs is a powerful way to enhance your analysis of AWS service 
activity." 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/cloudtrail-logs.html 
 
 
QUESTION 625 
A company wants to add its existing AWS usage cost to its operation cost dashboard. A solutions 
architect needs to recommend a solution that will give the company access to its usage cost 
programmatically. The company must be able to access cost data for the current year and 
forecast costs for the next 12 months. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Access usage cost-related data by using the AWS Cost Explorer API with pagination. 
B. Access usage cost-related data by using downloadable AWS Cost Explorer report .csv files. 
C. Configure AWS Budgets actions to send usage cost data to the company through FTP. 
D. Create AWS Budgets reports for usage cost data. Send the data to the company through SMTP. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
You can view your costs and usage using the Cost Explorer user interface free of charge. You 
can also access your data programmatically using the Cost Explorer API. Each paginated API 
request incurs a charge of $0.01. You can't disable Cost Explorer after you enable it. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/latest/userguide/ce-what-is.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-cost-
explorer/interfaces/costexplorerpaginationconfiguration.html 
 
 
QUESTION 626 
A solutions architect is reviewing the resilience of an application. The solutions architect notices 
that a database administrator recently failed over the application's Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL 
database writer instance as part of a scaling exercise. The failover resulted in 3 minutes of 
downtime for the application. 
 
Which solution will reduce the downtime for scaling exercises with the LEAST operational 
overhead? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
305 
A. Create more Aurora PostgreSQL read replicas in the cluster to handle the load during failover. 
B. Set up a secondary Aurora PostgreSQL cluster in the same AWS Region. During failover, update 
the application to use the secondary cluster's writer endpoint. 
C. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster to handle the load during failover. 
D. Set up an Amazon RDS proxy for the database. Update the application to use the proxy endpoint. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon RDS proxy allows you to automatically route write request to the healthy writer, 
minimizing downtime. 
 
 
QUESTION 627 
A company has a regional subscription-based streaming service that runs in a single AWS 
Region. The architecture consists of web servers and application servers on Amazon EC2 
instances. The EC2 instances are in Auto Scaling groups behind Elastic Load Balancers. The 
architecture includes an Amazon Aurora global database cluster that extends across multiple 
Availability Zones. 
 
The company wants to expand globally and to ensure that its application has minimal downtime. 
 
Which solution will provide the MOST fault tolerance? 
 
A. Extend the Auto Scaling groups for the web tier and the application tier to deploy instances in 
Availability Zones in a second Region. Use an Aurora global database to deploy the database in 
the primary Region and the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a failover 
routing policy to the second Region. 
B. Deploy the web tier and the application tier to a second Region. Add an Aurora PostgreSQL 
cross-Region Aurora Replica in the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a 
failover routing policy to the second Region. Promote the secondary to primary as needed. 
C. Deploy the web tier and the application tier to a second Region. Create an Aurora PostgreSQL 
database in the second Region. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to replicate 
the primary database to the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks with a failover 
routing policy to the second Region. 
D. Deploy the web tier and the application tier to a second Region. Use an Amazon Aurora global 
database to deploy the database in the primary Region and the second Region. Use Amazon 
Route 53 health checks with a failover routing policy to the second Region. Promote the 
secondary to primary as needed. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Aws Aurora Global Database allows you to read and write from any region in the global cluster. 
This enables you to distribute read and write workloads globally, improving performance and 
reducing latency. Data is replicated synchronously across regions, ensuring strong consistency. 
 
 
QUESTION 628 
A data analytics company wants to migrate its batch processing system to AWS. The company 
receives thousands of small data files periodically during the day through FTP. An on-premises 
batch job processes the data files overnight. However, the batch job takes hours to finish running. 
 
The company wants the AWS solution to process incoming data files as soon as possible with 
minimal changes to the FTP clients that send the files. The solution must delete the incoming 
data files after the files have been processed successfully. Processing for each file needs to take 
3-8 minutes. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
306 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files as objects in 
Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon 
EventBridge rules to invoke the job to process the objects nightly from S3 Glacier Flexible 
Retrieval. Delete the objects after the job has processed the objects. 
B. Use an Amazon EC2 instance that runs an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon 
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use Amazon 
EventBridge rules to invoke the job to process the files nightly from the EBS volume. Delete the 
files after the job has processed the files. 
C. Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files on an Amazon Elastic 
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Configure a job queue in AWS Batch. Use an Amazon S3 
event notification when each file arrives to invoke the job in AWS Batch. Delete the files after the 
job has processed the files. 
D. Use AWS Transfer Family to create an FTP server to store incoming files in Amazon S3 
Standard. Create an AWS Lambda function to process the files and to delete the files after they 
are processed. Use an S3 event notification to invoke the Lambda function when the files arrive. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 629 
A company is migrating its workloads to AWS. The company has transactional and sensitive data 
in its databases. The company wants to use AWS Cloud solutions to increase security and 
reduce operational overhead for the databases. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the databases to Amazon EC2. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
AWS managed key for encryption. 
B. Migrate the databases to Amazon RDS Configure encryption at rest. 
C. Migrate the data to Amazon S3 Use Amazon Macie for data security and protection 
D. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs for data security and 
protection. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 630 
A company has an online gaming application that has TCP and UDP multiplayer gaming 
capabilities. The company uses Amazon Route 53 to point the application traffic to multiple 
Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in different AWS Regions. The company needs to improve 
application performance and decrease latency for the online game in preparation for user growth. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the NLBs. Increase the Cache-Control max-age 
parameter. 
B. Replace the NLBs with Application Load Balancers (ALBs). Configure Route 53 to use latency-
based routing. 
C. Add AWS Global Accelerator in front of the NLBs. Configure a Global Accelerator endpoint to use 
the correct listener ports. 
D. Add an Amazon API Gateway endpoint behind the NLBs. Enable API caching. Override method 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
307 
caching for the different stages. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 631 
A company needs to integrate with a third-party data feed. The data feed sends a webhook to 
notify an external service when new data is ready for consumption. A developer wrote an AWS 
Lambda function to retrieve data when the company receives a webhook callback. The developer 
must make the Lambda function available for the third party to call. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create a function URL for the Lambda function. Provide the Lambda function URL to the third 
party for the webhook. 
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in front of the Lambda function. Provide the ALB URL 
to the third party for the webhook. 
C. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Attach the topic to the 
Lambda function. Provide the public hostname of the SNS topic to the third party for the webhook. 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Attach the queue to the 
Lambda function. Provide the public hostname of the SQS queue to the third party for the 
webhook. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-urls.html 
 
 
QUESTION 632 
A company has a workload in an AWS Region. Customers connect to and access the workload 
by using an Amazon API Gateway REST API. The company uses Amazon Route 53 as its DNS 
provider. The company wants to provide individual and secure URLs for all customers. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
(Choose three.) 
 
A. Register the required domain in a registrar. Create a wildcard custom domain name in a Route 53 
hosted zone and record in the zone that points to the API Gateway endpoint. 
B. Request a wildcard certificate that matches the domains in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in a 
different Region. 
C. Create hosted zones for each customer as required in Route 53. Create zone records that point 
to the API Gateway endpoint. 
D. Request a wildcard certificate that matches the custom domain name in AWS Certificate Manager 
(ACM) in the same Region. 
E. Create multiple API endpoints for each customer in API Gateway. 
F. Create a custom domain name in API Gateway for the REST API. Import the certificate from AWS 
Certificate Manager (ACM). 
 
Answer: ADF 
 
 
QUESTION 633 
A company stores data in Amazon S3. According to regulations, the data must not contain 
personally identifiable information (PII). The company recently discovered that S3 buckets have 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
308 
some objects that contain PII. The company needs to automatically detect PII in S3 buckets and 
to notify the company's security team. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Macie. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to filter the SensitiveData event type 
from Macie findings and to send an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 
notification to the security team. 
B. Use Amazon GuardDuty. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to filter the CRITICAL event type 
from GuardDuty findings and to send an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) 
notification to the security team. 
C. Use Amazon Macie. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to filter the 
SensitiveData:S3Object/Personal event type from Macie findings and to send an Amazon Simple 
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) notification to the security team. 
D. Use Amazon GuardDuty. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to filter the CRITICAL event type 
from GuardDuty findings and to send an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) 
notification to the security team. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 634 
A company wants to build a logging solution for its multiple AWS accounts. The company 
currently stores the logs from all accounts in a centralized account. The company has created an 
Amazon S3 bucket in the centralized account to store the VPC flow logs and AWS CloudTrail 
logs. All logs must be highly available for 30 days for frequent analysis, retained for an additional 
60 days for backup purposes, and deleted 90 days after creation. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Transition objects to the S3 Standard storage class 30 days after creation. Write an expiration 
action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days. 
B. Transition objects to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class 30 days 
after creation. Move all objects to the S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval storage class after 90 days. 
Write an expiration action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days. 
C. Transition objects to the S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval storage class 30 days after creation. Write 
an expiration action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days. 
D. Transition objects to the S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) storage class 30 
days after creation. Move all objects to the S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval storage class after 90 
days. Write an expiration action that directs Amazon S3 to delete objects after 90 days. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 635 
A company is building an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster for its 
workloads. All secrets that are stored in Amazon EKS must be encrypted in the Kubernetes etcd 
key-value store. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. Use AWS Secrets Manager to 
manage, rotate, and store all secrets in Amazon EKS. 
B. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. Enable Amazon EKS KMS 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
309 
secrets encryption on the Amazon EKS cluster. 
C. Create the Amazon EKS cluster with default options. Use the Amazon Elastic Block Store 
(Amazon EBS) Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver as an add-on. 
D. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key with the alias/aws/ebs alias. 
Enable default Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume encryption for the account. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-kms.html 
 
 
QUESTION 636 
A company wants to provide data scientists with near real-time read-only access to the 
company's production Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL database. The database is currently 
configured as a Single-AZ database. The data scientists use complex queries that will not affect 
the production database. The company needs a solution that is highly available. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Scale the existing production database in a maintenance window to provide enough power for the 
data scientists. 
B. Change the setup from a Single-AZ to a Multi-AZ instance deployment with a larger secondary 
standby instance. Provide the data scientists access to the secondary instance. 
C. Change the setup from a Single-AZ to a Multi-AZ instance deployment. Provide two additional 
read replicas for the data scientists. 
D. Change the setup from a Single-AZ to a Multi-AZ cluster deployment with two readable standby 
instances. Provide read endpoints to the data scientists. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Multi-AZ instance: the standby instance doesn't serve any read or write traffic. 
Multi-AZ DB cluster: consists of primary instance running in one AZ serving read-write traffic and 
two other standby running in two different AZs serving read traffic. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/choose-the-right-amazon-rds-deployment-option-single-
az-instance-multi-az-instance-or-multi-az-database-cluster/ 
 
 
QUESTION 637 
A company runs a three-tier web application in the AWS Cloud that operates across three 
Availability Zones. The application architecture has an Application Load Balancer, an Amazon 
EC2 web server that hosts user session states, and a MySQL database that runs on an EC2 
instance. The company expects sudden increases in application traffic. The company wants to be 
able to scale to meet future application capacity demands and to ensure high availability across 
all three Availability Zones. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. 
Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis with high availability to store session data and to cache 
reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones. 
B. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. 
Use Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached with high availability to store session data and to cache 
reads. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones. 
C. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon DynamoDB Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
310 
cache reads. Store the session data in DynamoDB. Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling 
group that is in three Availability Zones. 
D. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL in a single Availability Zone. Use 
Amazon ElastiCache for Redis with high availability to store session data and to cache reads. 
Migrate the web server to an Auto Scaling group that is in three Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Memcached is best suited for caching data, while Redis is better for storing data that needs to be 
persisted. If you need to store data that needs to be accessed frequently, such as user profiles, 
session data, and application settings, then Redis is the better choice. 
 
 
QUESTION 638 
A global video streaming company uses Amazon CloudFront as a content distribution network 
(CDN). The company wants to roll out content in a phased manner across multiple countries. The 
company needs to ensure that viewers who are outside the countries to which the company rolls 
out content are not able to view the content. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Add geographic restrictions to the content in CloudFront by using an allow list. Set up a custom 
error message. 
B. Set up a new URL tor restricted content. Authorize access by using a signed URL and cookies. 
Set up a custom error message. 
C. Encrypt the data for the content that the company distributes. Set up a custom error message. 
D. Create a new URL for restricted content. Set up a time-restricted access policy for signed URLs. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/georestrictions.html 
 
 
QUESTION 639 
A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to improve its on-premises disaster recovery (DR) 
configuration. The company's core production business application uses Microsoft SQL Server 
Standard, which runs on a virtual machine (VM). The application has a recovery point objective 
(RPO) of 30 seconds or fewer and a recovery time objective (RTO) of 60 minutes. The DR 
solution needs to minimize costs wherever possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure a multi-site active/active setup between the on-premises server and AWS by using 
Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise with Always On availability groups. 
B. Configure a warm standby Amazon RDS for SQL Server database on AWS. Configure AWS 
Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to use change data capture (CDC). 
C. Use AWS Elastic Disaster Recovery configured to replicate disk changes to AWS as a pilot light. 
D. Use third-party backup software to capture backups every night. Store a secondary set of 
backups in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 640 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
311 
A company has an on-premises server that uses an Oracle database to process and store 
customer information. The company wants to use an AWS database service to achieve higher 
availability and to improve application performance. The company also wants to offload reporting 
from its primary database system. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create an Amazon RDS DB instance in 
multiple AWS Regions. Point the reporting functions toward a separate DB instance from the 
primary DB instance. 
B. Use Amazon RDS in a Single-AZ deployment to create an Oracle database. Create a read replica 
in the same zone as the primary DB instance. Direct the reporting functions to the read replica. 
C. Use Amazon RDS deployed in a Multi-AZ cluster deployment to create an Oracle database. 
Direct the reporting functions to use the reader instance in the cluster deployment. 
D. Use Amazon RDS deployed in a Multi-AZ instance deployment to create an Amazon Aurora 
database. Direct the reporting functions to the reader instances. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 641 
A company wants to build a web application on AWS. Client access requests to the website are 
not predictable and can be idle for a long time. Only customers who have paid a subscription fee 
can have the ability to sign in and use the web application. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to retrieve user information from Amazon DynamoDB. Create 
an Amazon API Gateway endpoint to accept RESTful APIs. Send the API calls to the Lambda 
function. 
B. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service behind an Application Load 
Balancer to retrieve user information from Amazon RDS. Create an Amazon API Gateway 
endpoint to accept RESTful APIs. Send the API calls to the Lambda function. 
C. Create an Amazon Cognito user pool to authenticate users. 
D. Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool to authenticate users. 
E. Use AWS Amplify to serve the frontend web content with HTML, CSS, and JS. Use an integrated 
Amazon CloudFront configuration. 
F. Use Amazon S3 static web hosting with PHP, CSS, and JS. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the 
frontend web content. 
 
Answer: ACE 
 
 
QUESTION 642 
A media company uses an Amazon CloudFront distribution to deliver content over the internet. 
The company wants only premium customers to have access to the media streams and file 
content. The company stores all content in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company also delivers 
content on demand to customers for a specific purpose, such as movie rentals or music 
downloads. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Generate and provide S3 signed cookies to premium customers. 
B. Generate and provide CloudFront signed URLs to premium customers. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
312 
C. Use origin access control (OAC) to limit the access of non-premium customers. 
D. Generate and activate field-level encryption to block non-premium customers. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 643 
A company runs Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS accounts that are individually bled. The 
company recently purchased a Savings Pian. Because of changes in the company's business 
requirements, the company has decommissioned a large number of EC2 instances. The 
company wants to use its Savings Plan discounts on its other AWS accounts. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. From the AWS Account Management Console of the management account, turn on discount 
sharing from the billing preferences section. 
B. From the AWS Account Management Console of the account that purchased the existing Savings 
Plan, turn on discount sharing from the billing preferences section. Include all accounts. 
C. From the AWS Organizations management account, use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS 
RAM) to share the Savings Plan with other accounts. 
D. Create an organization in AWS Organizations in a new payer account. Invite the other AWS 
accounts to join the organization from the management account. 
E. Create an organization in AWS Organizations in the existing AWS account with the existing EC2 
instances and Savings Plan. Invite the other AWS accounts to join the organization from the 
management account. 
 
Answer: AE 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/ri-turn-off.html 
 
 
QUESTION 644 
A retail company uses a regional Amazon API Gateway API for its public REST APIs. The API 
Gateway endpoint is a custom domain name that points to an Amazon Route 53 alias record. A 
solutions architect needs to create a solution that has minimal effects on customers and minimal 
data loss to release the new version of APIs. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a canary release deployment stage for API Gateway. Deploy the latest API version. Point 
an appropriate percentage of traffic to the canary stage. After API verification, promote the canary 
stage to the production stage. 
B. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with a new version of the API in OpenAPI YAML file format. 
Use the import-to-update operation in merge mode into the API in API Gateway. Deploy the new 
version of the API to the production stage. 
C. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with a new version of the API in OpenAPI JSON file format. 
Use the import-to-update operation in overwrite mode into the API in API Gateway. Deploy the 
new version of the API to the production stage. 
D. Create a new API Gateway endpoint with new versions of the API definitions. Create a custom 
domain name for the new API Gateway API. Point the Route 53 alias record to the new API 
Gateway API custom domain name. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
313 
In a canary release deployment, total API traffic is separated at random into a production release 
and a canary release with a pre-configured ratio. Typically, the canary release receives a small 
percentage of API traffic and the production release takes up the rest. The updated API features 
are only visible to API traffic through the canary. You can adjust the canary traffic percentage to 
optimize test coverage or performance. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/canary-release.html 
 
 
QUESTION 645 
A recent analysis of a company's IT expenses highlights the need to reduce backup costs. The 
company's chief information officer wants to simplify the on-premises backup infrastructure and 
reduce costs by eliminating the use of physical backup tapes. The company must preserve the 
existing investment in the on-premises backup applications and workflows. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Set up AWS Storage Gateway to connect with the backup applications using the NFS interface. 
B. Set up an Amazon EFS file system that connects with the backup applications using the NFS 
interface. 
C. Set up an Amazon EFS file system that connects with the backup applications using the iSCSI 
interface. 
D. Set up AWS Storage Gateway to connect with the backup applications using the iSCSI-virtual 
tape library (VTL) interface. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/vtl/?nc1=h_ls 
 
 
QUESTION 646 
A company has data collection sensors at different locations. The data collection sensors stream 
a high volume of data to the company. The company wants to design a platform on AWS to 
ingest and process high-volume streaming data. The solution must be scalable and support data 
collection in near real time. The company must store the data in Amazon S3 for future reporting. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to deliver streaming data to Amazon S3. 
B. Use AWS Glue to deliver streaming data to Amazon S3. 
C. Use AWS Lambda to deliver streaming data and store the data to Amazon S3. 
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to deliver streaming data to Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose: Capture, transform, and load data streams into AWS data stores 
(S3) in near real-time. 
 
 
QUESTION 647 
A company has separate AWS accounts for its finance, data analytics, and development 
departments. Because of costs and security concerns, the company wants to control which 
services each AWS account can use. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
314 
A. Use AWS Systems Manager templates to control which AWS services each department can use. 
B. Create organization units (OUs) for each department in AWS Organizations. Attach service 
control policies (SCPs) to the OUs. 
C. Use AWS CloudFormation to automatically provision only the AWS services that each department 
can use. 
D. Set up a list of products in AWS Service Catalog in the AWS accounts to manage and control the 
usage of specific AWS services. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 648 
A company has created a multi-tier application for its ecommerce website. The website uses an 
Application Load Balancer that resides in the public subnets, a web tier in the public subnets, and 
a MySQL cluster hosted on Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnets. The MySQL database 
needs to retrieve product catalog and pricing information that is hosted on the internet by a third-
party provider. A solutions architect must devise a strategy that maximizes security without 
increasing operational overhead. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy a NAT instance in the VPC. Route all the internet-based traffic through the NAT instance. 
B. Deploy a NAT gateway in the public subnets. Modify the private subnet route table to direct all 
internet-bound traffic to the NAT gateway. 
C. Configure an internet gateway and attach it to the VPModify the private subnet route table to 
direct internet-bound traffic to the internet gateway. 
D. Configure a virtual private gateway and attach it to the VPC. Modify the private subnet route table 
to direct internet-bound traffic to the virtual private gateway. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 649 
A company is using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt AWS Lambda 
environment variables. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the required permissions are in 
place to decrypt and use the environment variables. 
 
Which steps must the solutions architect take to implement the correct permissions? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda resource policy. 
B. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda execution role. 
C. Add AWS KMS permissions in the Lambda function policy. 
D. Allow the Lambda execution role in the AWS KMS key policy. 
E. Allow the Lambda resource policy in the AWS KMS key policy. 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
To decrypt environment variables encrypted with AWS KMS, Lambda needs to be granted 
permissions to call KMS APIs. This is done in two places: 
The Lambda execution role needs kms:Decrypt and kms:GenerateDataKey permissions added. 
The execution role governs what AWS services the function code can access. 
The KMS key policy needs to allow the Lambda execution role to have kms:Decrypt and 
kms:GenerateDataKey permissions for that specific key. This allows the execution role to use that 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
315 
particular key. 
 
 
QUESTION 650 
A company has a financial application that produces reports. The reports average 50 KB in size 
and are stored in Amazon S3. The reports are frequently accessed during the first week after 
production and must be stored for several years. The reports must be retrievable within 6 hours. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use S3 Standard. Use an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the reports to S3 Glacier after 7 days. 
B. Use S3 Standard. Use an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the reports to S3 Standard-Infrequent 
Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 7 days. 
C. Use S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to transition the reports to S3 
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) and S3 Glacier. 
D. Use S3 Standard. Use an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the reports to S3 Glacier Deep Archive 
after 7 days. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon S3 Glacier: 
Expedited Retrieval: Provides access to data within 1-5 minutes. 
Standard Retrieval: Provides access to data within 3-5 hours. 
Bulk Retrieval: Provides access to data within 5-12 hours. 
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive: 
Standard Retrieval: Provides access to data within 12 hours. 
Bulk Retrieval: Provides access to data within 48 hours. 
 
 
QUESTION 651 
A company needs to optimize the cost of its Amazon EC2 instances. The company also needs to 
change the type and family of its EC2 instances every 2-3 months. 
 
What should the company do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Purchase Partial Upfront Reserved Instances for a 3-year term. 
B. Purchase a No Upfront Compute Savings Plan for a 1-year term. 
C. Purchase All Upfront Reserved Instances for a 1-year term. 
D. Purchase an All Upfront EC2 Instance Savings Plan for a 1-year term. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
EC2 Instance Savings Plans give you the flexibility to change your usage between instances 
WITHIN a family in that region.  
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/compute-pricing/ 
 
 
QUESTION 652 
A solutions architect needs to review a company's Amazon S3 buckets to discover personally 
identifiable information (PII). The company stores the PII data in the us-east-1 Region and us-
west-2 Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
316 
A. Configure Amazon Macie in each Region. Create a job to analyze the data that is in Amazon S3. 
B. Configure AWS Security Hub for all Regions. Create an AWS Config rule to analyze the data that 
is in Amazon S3. 
C. Configure Amazon Inspector to analyze the data that is in Amazon S3. 
D. Configure Amazon GuardDuty to analyze the data that is in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon Macie is designed specifically for discovering and classifying sensitive data like PII in S3. 
This makes it the optimal service to use. 
Macie can be enabled directly in the required Regions rather than enabling it across all Regions 
which is unnecessary. This minimizes overhead. 
Macie can be set up to automatically scan the specified S3 buckets on a schedule. No need to 
create separate jobs. 
Security Hub is for security monitoring across AWS accounts, not specific for PII discovery. More 
overhead than needed. 
Inspector and GuardDuty are not built for PII discovery in S3 buckets. They provide broader 
security capabilities. 
 
 
QUESTION 653 
A company's SAP application has a backend SQL Server database in an on-premises 
environment. The company wants to migrate its on-premises application and database server to 
AWS. The company needs an instance type that meets the high demands of its SAP database. 
On-premises performance data shows that both the SAP application and the database have high 
memory utilization. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use the compute optimized instance family for the application. Use the memory optimized 
instance family for the database. 
B. Use the storage optimized instance family for both the application and the database. 
C. Use the memory optimized instance family for both the application and the database. 
D. Use the high performance computing (HPC) optimized instance family for the application. Use the 
memory optimized instance family for the database. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Since both the app and database have high memory needs, the memory optimized family like R5 
instances meet those requirements well. 
Using the same instance family simplifies management and operations, rather than mixing 
instance types. 
Compute optimized instances may not provide enough memory for the SAP app's needs. 
Storage optimized is overkill for the database's compute and memory needs. 
HPC is overprovisioned for the SAP app. 
 
 
QUESTION 654 
A company runs an application in a VPC with public and private subnets. The VPC extends 
across multiple Availability Zones. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in private 
subnets. The application uses an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
 
A solutions architect needs to design a secure solution to establish a connection between the 
EC2 instances and the SQS queue. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
317 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the private 
subnets. Add to the endpoint a security group that has an inbound access rule that allows traffic 
from the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets. 
B. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public 
subnets. Attach to the interface endpoint a VPC endpoint policy that allows access from the EC2 
instances that are in the private subnets. 
C. Implement an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon SQS. Configure the endpoint to use the public 
subnets. Attach an Amazon SQS access policy to the interface VPC endpoint that allows 
requests from only a specified VPC endpoint. 
D. Implement a gateway endpoint for Amazon SQS. Add a NAT gateway to the private subnets. 
Attach an IAM role to the EC2 instances that allows access to the SQS queue. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
An interface VPC endpoint is a private way to connect to AWS services without having to expose 
your VPC to the public internet. This is the most secure way to connect to Amazon SQS from the 
private subnets. 
Configuring the endpoint to use the private subnets ensures that the traffic between the EC2 
instances and the SQS queue is only within the VPC. This helps to protect the traffic from being 
intercepted by a malicious actor. 
Adding a security group to the endpoint that has an inbound access rule that allows traffic from 
the EC2 instances that are in the private subnets further restricts the traffic to only the authorized 
sources. This helps to prevent unauthorized access to the SQS queue. 
 
 
QUESTION 655 
A solutions architect is using an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy a three-tier web 
application. The web application consists of a web tier and an application tier that stores and 
retrieves user data in Amazon DynamoDB tables. The web and application tiers are hosted on 
Amazon EC2 instances, and the database tier is not publicly accessible. The application EC2 
instances need to access the DynamoDB tables without exposing API credentials in the template. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an IAM role to read the DynamoDB tables. Associate the role with the application 
instances by referencing an instance profile. 
B. Create an IAM role that has the required permissions to read and write from the DynamoDB 
tables. Add the role to the EC2 instance profile, and associate the instance profile with the 
application instances. 
C. Use the parameter section in the AWS CloudFormation template to have the user input access 
and secret keys from an already-created IAM user that has the required permissions to read and 
write from the DynamoDB tables. 
D. Create an IAM user in the AWS CloudFormation template that has the required permissions to 
read and write from the DynamoDB tables. Use the GetAtt function to retrieve the access and 
secret keys, and pass them to the application instances through the user data. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 656 
A solutions architect manages an analytics application. The application stores large amounts of 
semistructured data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The solutions architect wants to use parallel data 
processing to process the data more quickly. The solutions architect also wants to use 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
318 
information that is stored in an Amazon Redshift database to enrich the data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Athena to process the S3 data. Use AWS Glue with the Amazon Redshift data to 
enrich the S3 data. 
B. Use Amazon EMR to process the S3 data. Use Amazon EMR with the Amazon Redshift data to 
enrich the S3 data. 
C. Use Amazon EMR to process the S3 data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to move the S3 
data into Amazon Redshift so that the data can be enriched. 
D. Use AWS Glue to process the S3 data. Use AWS Lake Formation with the Amazon Redshift data 
to enrich the S3 data. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Use Amazon EMR to process the semi-structured data in Amazon S3. EMR provides a managed 
Hadoop framework optimized for processing large datasets in S3. 
EMR supports parallel data processing across multiple nodes to speed up the processing. 
EMR can integrate directly with Amazon Redshift using the EMR-Redshift integration. This allows 
querying the Redshift data from EMR and joining it with the S3 data. 
This enables enriching the semi-structured S3 data with the information stored in Redshift. 
 
 
QUESTION 657 
A company has two VPCs that are located in the us-west-2 Region within the same AWS 
account. The company needs to allow network traffic between these VPCs. Approximately 500 
GB of data transfer will occur between the VPCs each month. 
 
What is the MOST cost-effective solution to connect these VPCs? 
 
A. Implement AWS Transit Gateway to connect the VPCs. Update the route tables of each VPC to 
use the transit gateway for inter-VPC communication. 
B. Implement an AWS Site-to-Site VPN tunnel between the VPCs. Update the route tables of each 
VPC to use the VPN tunnel for inter-VPC communication. 
C. Set up a VPC peering connection between the VPCs. Update the route tables of each VPC to use 
the VPC peering connection for inter-VPC communication. 
D. Set up a 1 GB AWS Direct Connect connection between the VPCs. Update the route tables of 
each VPC to use the Direct Connect connection for inter-VPC communication. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
VPC peering provides private connectivity between VPCs without using public IP space. 
Data transferred between peered VPCs is free as long as they are in the same region. 
500 GB/month inter-VPC data transfer fits within peering free tier. 
Transit Gateway (Option A) incurs hourly charges plus data transfer fees. More costly than 
peering. 
Site-to-Site VPN (Option B) incurs hourly charges and data transfer fees. More expensive than 
peering. 
Direct Connect (Option D) has high hourly charges and would be overkill for this use case. 
 
 
QUESTION 658 
A company hosts multiple applications on AWS for different product lines. The applications use 
different compute resources, including Amazon EC2 instances and Application Load Balancers. 
The applications run in different AWS accounts under the same organization in AWS 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
319 
Organizations across multiple AWS Regions. Teams for each product line have tagged each 
compute resource in the individual accounts. 
 
The company wants more details about the cost for each product line from the consolidated 
billing feature in Organizations. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Select a specific AWS generated tag in the AWS Billing console. 
B. Select a specific user-defined tag in the AWS Billing console. 
C. Select a specific user-defined tag in the AWS Resource Groups console. 
D. Activate the selected tag from each AWS account. 
E. Activate the selected tag from the Organizations management account. 
 
Answer: BE 
Explanation: 
User-defined tags were created by each product team to identify resources. Selecting the 
relevant tag in the Billing console will group costs. 
The tag must be activated from the Organizations management account to consolidate billing 
across all accounts. 
AWS generated tags are predefined by AWS and won't align to product lines. 
Resource Groups (Option C) helps manage resources but not billing. 
Activating the tag from each account (Option D) is not needed since Organizations centralizes 
billing. 
 
 
QUESTION 659 
A company's solutions architect is designing an AWS multi-account solution that uses AWS 
Organizations. The solutions architect has organized the company's accounts into organizational 
units (OUs). 
 
The solutions architect needs a solution that will identify any changes to the OU hierarchy. The 
solution also needs to notify the company's operations team of any changes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Provision the AWS accounts by using AWS Control Tower. Use account drift notifications to 
identify the changes to the OU hierarchy. 
B. Provision the AWS accounts by using AWS Control Tower. Use AWS Config aggregated rules to 
identify the changes to the OU hierarchy. 
C. Use AWS Service Catalog to create accounts in Organizations. Use an AWS CloudTrail 
organization trail to identify the changes to the OU hierarchy. 
D. Use AWS CloudFormation templates to create accounts in Organizations. Use the drift detection 
operation on a stack to identify the changes to the OU hierarchy. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
The key advantages you highlight of Control Tower are convincing: 
Fully managed service simplifies multi-account setup. 
Built-in account drift notifications detect OU changes automatically. 
More scalable and less complex than Config rules or CloudTrail. 
Better security and compliance guardrails than custom options. 
Lower operational overhead compared to other solution 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
320 
 
QUESTION 660 
A company's website handles millions of requests each day, and the number of requests 
continues to increase. A solutions architect needs to improve the response time of the web 
application. The solutions architect determines that the application needs to decrease latency 
when retrieving product details from the Amazon DynamoDB table. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead? 
 
A. Set up a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster. Route all read requests through DAX. 
B. Set up Amazon ElastiCache for Redis between the DynamoDB table and the web application. 
Route all read requests through Redis. 
C. Set up Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached between the DynamoDB table and the web 
application. Route all read requests through Memcached. 
D. Set up Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table, and have AWS Lambda read from the table 
and populate Amazon ElastiCache. Route all read requests through ElastiCache. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
DAX provides a DynamoDB-compatible caching layer to reduce read latency. It is purpose-built 
for accelerating DynamoDB workloads. 
Using DAX requires minimal application changes - only read requests are routed through it. 
DAX handles caching logic automatically without needing complex integration code. 
ElastiCache Redis/Memcached (Options B/C) require more integration work to sync DynamoDB 
data. 
Using Lambda and Streams to populate ElastiCache (Option D) is a complex event-driven 
approach requiring ongoing maintenance. 
DAX plugs in seamlessly to accelerate DynamoDB with very little operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 661 
A solutions architect needs to ensure that API calls to Amazon DynamoDB from Amazon EC2 
instances in a VPC do not travel across the internet. 
 
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet this requirement? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Create a route table entry for the endpoint. 
B. Create a gateway endpoint for DynamoDB. 
C. Create an interface endpoint for Amazon EC2. 
D. Create an elastic network interface for the endpoint in each of the subnets of the VPC. 
E. Create a security group entry in the endpoint's security group to provide access. 
 
Answer: AB 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/vpc-endpoints-ddb.html 
 
 
QUESTION 662 
A company runs its applications on both Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) 
clusters and on-premises Kubernetes clusters. The company wants to view all clusters and 
workloads from a central location. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
321 
 
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch Container Insights to collect and group the cluster information. 
B. Use Amazon EKS Connector to register and connect all Kubernetes clusters. 
C. Use AWS Systems Manager to collect and view the cluster information. 
D. Use Amazon EKS Anywhere as the primary cluster to view the other clusters with native 
Kubernetes commands. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
You can use Amazon EKS Connector to register and connect any conformant Kubernetes cluster 
to AWS and visualize it in the Amazon EKS console. After a cluster is connected, you can see the 
status, configuration, and workloads for that cluster in the Amazon EKS console. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-connector.html 
 
 
QUESTION 663 
A company is building an ecommerce application and needs to store sensitive customer 
information. The company needs to give customers the ability to complete purchase transactions 
on the website. The company also needs to ensure that sensitive customer data is protected, 
even from database administrators. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Store sensitive data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Use EBS 
encryption to encrypt the data. Use an IAM instance role to restrict access. 
B. Store sensitive data in Amazon RDS for MySQL. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS 
KMS) client-side encryption to encrypt the data. 
C. Store sensitive data in Amazon S3. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) server-side 
encryption to encrypt the data. Use S3 bucket policies to restrict access. 
D. Store sensitive data in Amazon FSx for Windows Server. Mount the file share on application 
servers. Use Windows file permissions to restrict access. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
RDS MySQL provides a fully managed database service well suited for an ecommerce 
application. 
AWS KMS client-side encryption allows encrypting sensitive data before it hits the database. The 
data remains encrypted at rest. 
This protects sensitive customer data from database admins and privileged users. 
EBS encryption (Option A) protects data at rest but not in use. IAM roles don't prevent admin 
access. 
S3 (Option C) encrypts data at rest on the server side. Bucket policies don't restrict admin 
access. 
FSx file permissions (Option D) don't prevent admin access to unencrypted data. 
 
 
QUESTION 664 
A company has an on-premises MySQL database that handles transactional data. The company 
is migrating the database to the AWS Cloud. The migrated database must maintain compatibility 
with the company's applications that use the database. The migrated database also must scale 
automatically during periods of increased demand. 
 
Which migration solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
322 
A. Use native MySQL tools to migrate the database to Amazon RDS for MySQL. Configure elastic 
storage scaling. 
B. Migrate the database to Amazon Redshift by using the mysqldump utility. Turn on Auto Scaling 
for the Amazon Redshift cluster. 
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the database to Amazon Aurora. 
Turn on Aurora Auto Scaling. 
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the database to Amazon 
DynamoDB. Configure an Auto Scaling policy. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
DMS provides an easy migration path from MySQL to Aurora while minimizing downtime. 
Aurora is a MySQL-compatible relational database service that will maintain compatibility with the 
company's applications. 
Aurora Auto Scaling allows the database to automatically scale up and down based on demand 
to handle increased workloads. 
RDS MySQL (Option A) does not scale as well as the Aurora architecture. 
Redshift (Option B) is for analytics, not transactional data, and may not be compatible. 
DynamoDB (Option D) is a NoSQL datastore and lacks MySQL compatibility. 
 
 
QUESTION 665 
A company runs multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances in a VPC across two Availability Zones. 
The instances host applications that use a hierarchical directory structure. The applications need 
to read and write rapidly and concurrently to shared storage. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Allow access from all the EC2 instances in the VPC. 
B. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system 
from each EC2 instance. 
C. Create a file system on a Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) volume. Attach the EBS volume to all the EC2 instances. 
D. Create file systems on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes that are attached to 
each EC2 instance. Synchronize the EBS volumes across the different EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
How is Amazon EFS different than Amazon S3? 
Amazon EFS provides shared access to data using a traditional file sharing permissions model 
and hierarchical directory structure via the NFSv4 protocol. Applications that access data using a 
standard file system interface provided through the operating system can use Amazon EFS to 
take advantage of the scalability and reliability of file storage in the cloud without writing any new 
code or adjusting applications. 
Amazon S3 is an object storage platform that uses a simple API for storing and accessing data. 
Applications that do not require a file system structure and are designed to work with object 
storage can use Amazon S3 as a massively scalable, durable, low-cost object storage solution. 
 
 
QUESTION 666 
A solutions architect is designing a workload that will store hourly energy consumption by 
business tenants in a building. The sensors will feed a database through HTTP requests that will 
add up usage for each tenant. The solutions architect must use managed services when possible. 
The workload will receive more features in the future as the solutions architect adds independent 
components. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
323 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda functions to receive the data from the sensors, 
process the data, and store the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. 
B. Use an Elastic Load Balancer that is supported by an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 
instances to receive and process the data from the sensors. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to store 
the processed data. 
C. Use Amazon API Gateway with AWS Lambda functions to receive the data from the sensors, 
process the data, and store the data in a Microsoft SQL Server Express database on an Amazon 
EC2 instance. 
D. Use an Elastic Load Balancer that is supported by an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 
instances to receive and process the data from the sensors. Use an Amazon Elastic File System 
(Amazon EFS) shared file system to store the processed data. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 667 
A solutions architect is designing the storage architecture for a new web application used for 
storing and viewing engineering drawings. All application components will be deployed on the 
AWS infrastructure. 
 
The application design must support caching to minimize the amount of time that users wait for 
the engineering drawings to load. The application must be able to store petabytes of data. 
 
Which combination of storage and caching should the solutions architect use? 
 
A. Amazon S3 with Amazon CloudFront 
B. Amazon S3 Glacier with Amazon ElastiCache 
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes with Amazon CloudFront 
D. AWS Storage Gateway with Amazon ElastiCache 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 668 
An Amazon EventBridge rule targets a third-party API. The third-party API has not received any 
incoming traffic. A solutions architect needs to determine whether the rule conditions are being 
met and if the rule's target is being invoked. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Check for metrics in Amazon CloudWatch in the namespace for AWS/Events. 
B. Review events in the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) dead-letter queue. 
C. Check for the events in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. 
D. Check the trails in AWS CloudTrail for the EventBridge events. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 669 
A company has a large workload that runs every Friday evening. The workload runs on Amazon 
EC2 instances that are in two Availability Zones in the us-east-1 Region. Normally, the company 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
324 
must run no more than two instances at all times. However, the company wants to scale up to six 
instances each Friday to handle a regularly repeating increased workload. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a reminder in Amazon EventBridge to scale the instances. 
B. Create an Auto Scaling group that has a scheduled action. 
C. Create an Auto Scaling group that uses manual scaling. 
D. Create an Auto Scaling group that uses automatic scaling. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/ec2-auto-scaling-scheduled-scaling.html 
 
 
QUESTION 670 
A company is creating a REST API. The company has strict requirements for the use of TLS. The 
company requires TLSv1.3 on the API endpoints. The company also requires a specific public 
third-party certificate authority (CA) to sign the TLS certificate. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use a local machine to create a certificate that is signed by the third-party CImport the certificate 
into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Create an HTTP API in Amazon API Gateway with a 
custom domain. Configure the custom domain to use the certificate. 
B. Create a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) that is signed by the third-party CA. 
Create an HTTP API in Amazon API Gateway with a custom domain. Configure the custom 
domain to use the certificate. 
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate that is signed by the third-party CA. 
Import the certificate into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Create an AWS Lambda function with 
a Lambda function URL. Configure the Lambda function URL to use the certificate. 
D. Create a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) that is signed by the third-party CA. 
Create an AWS Lambda function with a Lambda function URL. Configure the Lambda function 
URL to use the certificate. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) is a service that lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy 
SSL/TLS certificates for use with AWS services and your internal resources. By creating a 
certificate in ACM that is signed by the third-party CA, the company can meet its requirement for 
a specific public third-party CA to sign the TLS certificate. 
 
 
QUESTION 671 
A company runs an application on AWS. The application receives inconsistent amounts of usage. 
The application uses AWS Direct Connect to connect to an on-premises MySQL-compatible 
database. The on-premises database consistently uses a minimum of 2 GiB of memory. 
 
The company wants to migrate the on-premises database to a managed AWS service. The 
company wants to use auto scaling capabilities to manage unexpected workload increases. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Provision an Amazon DynamoDB database with default read and write capacity settings. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
325 
B. Provision an Amazon Aurora database with a minimum capacity of 1 Aurora capacity unit (ACU). 
C. Provision an Amazon Aurora Serverless v2 database with a minimum capacity of 1 Aurora 
capacity unit (ACU). 
D. Provision an Amazon RDS for MySQL database with 2 GiB of memory. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Aurora Serverless v2 provides auto-scaling so the database can handle inconsistent workloads 
and spikes automatically without admin intervention. 
It can scale down to zero when not in use to minimize costs. 
The minimum 1 ACU capacity is sufficient to replace the on-prem 2 GiB database based on the 
info given. 
Serverless capabilities reduce admin overhead for capacity management. 
DynamoDB lacks MySQL compatibility and requires more hands-on management. 
RDS and provisioned Aurora require manually resizing instances to scale, increasing admin 
overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 672 
A company wants to use an event-driven programming model with AWS Lambda. The company 
wants to reduce startup latency for Lambda functions that run on Java 11. The company does not 
have strict latency requirements for the applications. The company wants to reduce cold starts 
and outlier latencies when a function scales up. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure Lambda provisioned concurrency. 
B. Increase the timeout of the Lambda functions. 
C. Increase the memory of the Lambda functions. 
D. Configure Lambda SnapStart.1 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Lambda SnapStart for Java can improve startup performance for latency-sensitive applications by 
up to 10x at no extra cost, typically with no changes to your function code. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/snapstart.html 
 
 
QUESTION 673 
A financial services company launched a new application that uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL 
database. The company uses the application to track stock market trends. The company needs to 
operate the application for only 2 hours at the end of each week. The company needs to optimize 
the cost of running the database. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Aurora Serverless v2 MySQL database 
cluster. 
B. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Aurora MySQL database cluster. 
C. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Amazon EC2 instance that runs MySQL. 
Purchase an instance reservation for the EC2 instance. 
D. Migrate the existing RDS for MySQL database to an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon 
ECS) cluster that uses MySQL container images to run tasks. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
326 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Aurora Serverless v2 scales compute capacity automatically based on actual usage, down to 
zero when not in use. This minimizes costs for intermittent usage. 
Since it only runs for 2 hours per week, the application is ideal for a serverless architecture like 
Aurora Serverless. 
Aurora Serverless v2 charges per second when the database is active, unlike RDS which 
charges hourly. 
Aurora Serverless provides higher availability than self-managed MySQL on EC2 or ECS. 
Using reserved EC2 instances or ECS still incurs charges when not in use versus the fine-grained 
scaling of serverless. 
Standard Aurora clusters have a minimum capacity unlike the auto-scaling serverless 
architecture. 
 
 
QUESTION 674 
A company deploys its applications on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) 
behind an Application Load Balancer in an AWS Region. The application needs to store data in a 
PostgreSQL database engine. The company wants the data in the database to be highly 
available. The company also needs increased capacity for read workloads. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create an Amazon DynamoDB database table configured with global tables. 
B. Create an Amazon RDS database with Multi-AZ deployments. 
C. Create an Amazon RDS database with Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment. 
D. Create an Amazon RDS database configured with cross-Region read replicas. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
DB cluster deployment can scale read workloads by adding read replicas. This provides 
increased capacity for read workloads without impacting the write workload. 
 
 
QUESTION 675 
A company is building a RESTful serverless web application on AWS by using Amazon API 
Gateway and AWS Lambda. The users of this web application will be geographically distributed, 
and the company wants to reduce the latency of API requests to these users. 
 
Which type of endpoint should a solutions architect use to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Private endpoint 
B. Regional endpoint 
C. Interface VPC endpoint 
D. Edge-optimized endpoint 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
An edge-optimized API endpoint typically routes requests to the nearest CloudFront Point of 
Presence (POP), which could help in cases where your clients are geographically distributed. 
This is the default endpoint type for API Gateway REST APIs. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-api-endpoint-
types.html 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
327 
QUESTION 676 
A company uses an Amazon CloudFront distribution to serve content pages for its website. The 
company needs to ensure that clients use a TLS certificate when accessing the company's 
website. The company wants to automate the creation and renewal of the TLS certificates. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Use a CloudFront security policy to create a certificate. 
B. Use a CloudFront origin access control (OAC) to create a certificate. 
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate. Use DNS validation for the domain. 
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a certificate. Use email validation for the domain. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) provides free public TLS/SSL certificates and handles certificate 
renewals automatically. 
Using DNS validation with ACM is operationally efficient since it automatically makes changes to 
Route 53 rather than requiring manual validation steps. 
ACM integrates natively with CloudFront distributions for delivering HTTPS content. 
CloudFront security policies and origin access controls do not issue TLS certificates. 
Email validation requires manual steps to approve the domain validation emails for each renewal. 
 
 
QUESTION 677 
A company deployed a serverless application that uses Amazon DynamoDB as a database layer. 
The application has experienced a large increase in users. The company wants to improve 
database response time from milliseconds to microseconds and to cache requests to the 
database. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX). 
B. Migrate the database to Amazon Redshift. 
C. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS. 
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) is a fully managed, highly available, in-memory cache for 
Amazon DynamoDB that delivers up to a 10 times performance improvement - from milliseconds 
to microseconds - even at millions of requests per second. 
 
 
QUESTION 678 
A company runs an application that uses Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The application receives 
traffic only on weekdays during business hours. The company wants to optimize costs and 
reduce operational overhead based on this usage. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use the Instance Scheduler on AWS to configure start and stop schedules. 
B. Turn off automatic backups. Create weekly manual snapshots of the database. 
C. Create a custom AWS Lambda function to start and stop the database based on minimum CPU 
utilization. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
328 
D. Purchase All Upfront reserved DB instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
The Instance Scheduler on AWS solution automates the starting and stopping of Amazon Elastic 
Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) and Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) 
instances. 
This solution helps reduce operational costs by stopping resources that are not in use and 
starting them when they are needed. The cost savings can be significant if you leave all of your 
instances running at full utilization continuously. 
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/instance-scheduler-on-aws/ 
 
 
QUESTION 679 
A company uses locally attached storage to run a latency-sensitive application on premises. The 
company is using a lift and shift method to move the application to the AWS Cloud. The company 
does not want to change the application architecture. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure an Auto Scaling group with an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon FSx for Lustre 
file system to run the application. 
B. Host the application on an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) GP2 volume to run the application. 
C. Configure an Auto Scaling group with an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon FSx for 
OpenZFS file system to run the application. 
D. Host the application on an Amazon EC2 instance. Use an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) GP3 volume to run the application. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 680 
A company runs a stateful production application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application 
requires at least two EC2 instances to always be running. 
 
A solutions architect needs to design a highly available and fault-tolerant architecture for the 
application. The solutions architect creates an Auto Scaling group of EC2 instances. 
 
Which set of additional steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set the Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to two. Deploy one On-Demand Instance in one 
Availability Zone and one On-Demand Instance in a second Availability Zone. 
B. Set the Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to four. Deploy two On-Demand Instances in one 
Availability Zone and two On-Demand Instances in a second Availability Zone. 
C. Set the Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to two. Deploy four Spot Instances in one 
Availability Zone. 
D. Set the Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to four. Deploy two On-Demand Instances in one 
Availability Zone and two Spot Instances in a second Availability Zone. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
By setting the Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to four, the architect ensures that there are 
always at least two running instances. Deploying two On-Demand Instances in each of two 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
329 
Availability Zones ensures that the application is highly available and fault-tolerant. If one 
Availability Zone becomes unavailable, the application can still run in the other Availability Zone. 
 
 
QUESTION 681 
An ecommerce company uses Amazon Route 53 as its DNS provider. The company hosts its 
website on premises and in the AWS Cloud. The company's on-premises data center is near the 
us-west-1 Region. The company uses the eu-central-1 Region to host the website. The company 
wants to minimize load time for the website as much as possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up a geolocation routing policy. Send the traffic that is near us-west-1 to the on-premises data 
center. Send the traffic that is near eu-central-1 to eu-central-1. 
B. Set up a simple routing policy that routes all traffic that is near eu-central-1 to eu-central-1 and 
routes all traffic that is near the on-premises datacenter to the on-premises data center. 
C. Set up a latency routing policy. Associate the policy with us-west-1. 
D. Set up a weighted routing policy. Split the traffic evenly between eu-central-1 and the on-
premises data center. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy-geo.html 
 
 
QUESTION 682 
A company has 5 PB of archived data on physical tapes. The company needs to preserve the 
data on the tapes for another 10 years for compliance purposes. The company wants to migrate 
to AWS in the next 6 months. The data center that stores the tapes has a 1 Gbps uplink internet 
connectivity. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Read the data from the tapes on premises. Stage the data in a local NFS storage. Use AWS 
DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. 
B. Use an on-premises backup application to read the data from the tapes and to write directly to 
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
C. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices that have Tape Gateway. Copy the physical tapes to virtual 
tapes in Snowball. Ship the Snowball devices to AWS. Create a lifecycle policy to move the tapes 
to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
D. Configure an on-premises Tape Gateway. Create virtual tapes in the AWS Cloud. Use backup 
software to copy the physical tape to the virtual tape. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 683 
A company is deploying an application that processes large quantities of data in parallel. The 
company plans to use Amazon EC2 instances for the workload. The network architecture must be 
configurable to prevent groups of nodes from sharing the same underlying hardware. 
 
Which networking solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Run the EC2 instances in a spread placement group. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
330 
B. Group the EC2 instances in separate accounts. 
C. Configure the EC2 instances with dedicated tenancy. 
D. Configure the EC2 instances with shared tenancy. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Configuring the EC2 instances with dedicated tenancy ensures that each instance will run on 
isolated, single-tenant hardware. This meets the requirement to prevent groups of nodes from 
sharing underlying hardware. 
A spread placement group only provides isolation at the Availability Zone level. Instances could 
still share hardware within an AZ. 
 
 
QUESTION 684 
A solutions architect is designing a disaster recovery (DR) strategy to provide Amazon EC2 
capacity in a failover AWS Region. Business requirements state that the DR strategy must meet 
capacity in the failover Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Purchase On-Demand Instances in the failover Region. 
B. Purchase an EC2 Savings Plan in the failover Region. 
C. Purchase regional Reserved Instances in the failover Region. 
D. Purchase a Capacity Reservation in the failover Region. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/reserved-instances-scope.html 
 
 
QUESTION 685 
A company has five organizational units (OUs) as part of its organization in AWS Organizations. 
Each OU correlates to the five businesses that the company owns. The company's research and 
development (R&D) business is separating from the company and will need its own organization. 
A solutions architect creates a separate new management account for this purpose. 
 
What should the solutions architect do next in the new management account? 
 
A. Have the R&D AWS account be part of both organizations during the transition. 
B. Invite the R&D AWS account to be part of the new organization after the R&D AWS account has 
left the prior organization. 
C. Create a new R&D AWS account in the new organization. Migrate resources from the prior R&D 
AWS account to the new R&D AWS account. 
D. Have the R&D AWS account join the new organization. Make the new management account a 
member of the prior organization. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/migrating-accounts-between-aws-organizations-with-
consolidated-billing-to-all-features/ 
 
 
QUESTION 686 
A company is designing a solution to capture customer activity in different web applications to 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
331 
process analytics and make predictions. Customer activity in the web applications is 
unpredictable and can increase suddenly. The company requires a solution that integrates with 
other web applications. The solution must include an authorization step for security purposes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure a Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) in front of an Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) container instance that stores the information that the company receives in an 
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Authorization is resolved at the GWLB. 
B. Configure an Amazon API Gateway endpoint in front of an Amazon Kinesis data stream that 
stores the information that the company receives in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use an AWS Lambda 
function to resolve authorization. 
C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway endpoint in front of an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose that 
stores the information that the company receives in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use an API Gateway 
Lambda authorizer to resolve authorization. 
D. Configure a Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) in front of an Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) container instance that stores the information that the company receives on an 
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Use an AWS Lambda function to resolve 
authorization. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-use-lambda-
authorizer.html 
 
 
QUESTION 687 
An ecommerce company wants a disaster recovery solution for its Amazon RDS DB instances 
that run Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise Edition. The company's current recovery point objective 
(RPO) and recovery time objective (RTO) are 24 hours. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a cross-Region read replica and promote the read replica to the primary instance. 
B. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create RDS cross-Region replication. 
C. Use cross-Region replication every 24 hours to copy native backups to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
D. Copy automatic snapshots to another Region every 24 hours. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon RDS creates and saves automated backups of your DB instance or Multi-AZ DB cluster 
during the backup window of your DB instance. RDS creates a storage volume snapshot of your 
DB instance, backing up the entire DB instance and not just individual databases. RDS saves the 
automated backups of your DB instance according to the backup retention period that you 
specify. If necessary, you can recover your DB instance to any point in time during the backup 
retention period. 
 
 
QUESTION 688 
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an 
Application Load Balancer that has sticky sessions enabled. The web server currently hosts the 
user session state. The company wants to ensure high availability and avoid user session state 
loss in the event of a web server outage. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
332 
 
A. Use an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached instance to store the session data. Update the 
application to use ElastiCache for Memcached to store the session state. 
B. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state. Update the application to use 
ElastiCache for Redis to store the session state. 
C. Use an AWS Storage Gateway cached volume to store session data. Update the application to 
use AWS Storage Gateway cached volume to store the session state. 
D. Use Amazon RDS to store the session state. Update the application to use Amazon RDS to store 
the session state. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
ElastiCache Redis provides in-memory caching that can deliver microsecond latency for session 
data. 
Redis supports replication and multi-AZ which can provide high availability for the cache. 
The application can be updated to store session data in ElastiCache Redis rather than locally on 
the web servers. 
If a web server fails, the user can be routed via the load balancer to another web server which 
can retrieve their session data from the highly available ElastiCache Redis cluster. 
 
 
QUESTION 689 
A company migrated a MySQL database from the company's on-premises data center to an 
Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. The company sized the RDS DB instance to meet the 
company's average daily workload. Once a month, the database performs slowly when the 
company runs queries for a report. The company wants to have the ability to run reports and 
maintain the performance of the daily workloads. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a read replica of the database. Direct the queries to the read replica. 
B. Create a backup of the database. Restore the backup to another DB instance. Direct the queries 
to the new database. 
C. Export the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the S3 bucket. 
D. Resize the DB instance to accommodate the additional workload. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 690 
A company runs a container application by using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon 
EKS). The application includes microservices that manage customers and place orders. The 
company needs to route incoming requests to the appropriate microservices. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use the AWS Load Balancer Controller to provision a Network Load Balancer. 
B. Use the AWS Load Balancer Controller to provision an Application Load Balancer. 
C. Use an AWS Lambda function to connect the requests to Amazon EKS. 
D. Use Amazon API Gateway to connect the requests to Amazon EKS. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
API Gateway provides an entry point to your microservices. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
333 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/integrate-amazon-api-gateway-with-amazon-eks/ 
 
 
QUESTION 691 
A company uses AWS and sells access to copyrighted images. The company's global customer 
base needs to be able to access these images quickly. The company must deny access to users 
from specific countries. The company wants to minimize costs as much as possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 to store the images. Turn on multi-factor authentication (MFA) and public bucket 
access. Provide customers with a link to the S3 bucket. 
B. Use Amazon S3 to store the images. Create an IAM user for each customer. Add the users to a 
group that has permission to access the S3 bucket. 
C. Use Amazon EC2 instances that are behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs) to store the 
images. Deploy the instances only in the countries the company services. Provide customers with 
links to the ALBs for their specific country's instances. 
D. Use Amazon S3 to store the images. Use Amazon CloudFront to distribute the images with 
geographic restrictions. Provide a signed URL for each customer to access the data in 
CloudFront. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/georestrictions.html 
 
 
QUESTION 692 
A solutions architect is designing a highly available Amazon ElastiCache for Redis based 
solution. The solutions architect needs to ensure that failures do not result in performance 
degradation or loss of data locally and within an AWS Region. The solution needs to provide high 
availability at the node level and at the Region level. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Multi-AZ Redis replication groups with shards that contain multiple nodes. 
B. Use Redis shards that contain multiple nodes with Redis append only files (AOF) turned on. 
C. Use a Multi-AZ Redis cluster with more than one read replica in the replication group. 
D. Use Redis shards that contain multiple nodes with Auto Scaling turned on. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonElastiCache/latest/red-ug/Replication.html 
 
 
QUESTION 693 
A company plans to migrate to AWS and use Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances for its 
application. During the migration testing phase, a technical team observes that the application 
takes a long time to launch and load memory to become fully productive. 
 
Which solution will reduce the launch time of the application during the next testing phase? 
 
A. Launch two or more EC2 On-Demand Instances. Turn on auto scaling features and make the 
EC2 On-Demand Instances available during the next testing phase. 
B. Launch EC2 Spot Instances to support the application and to scale the application so it is 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
334 
available during the next testing phase. 
C. Launch the EC2 On-Demand Instances with hibernation turned on. Configure EC2 Auto Scaling 
warm pools during the next testing phase. 
D. Launch EC2 On-Demand Instances with Capacity Reservations. Start additional EC2 instances 
during the next testing phase. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
With Amazon EC2 hibernation enabled, you can maintain your EC2 instances in a "pre-warmed" 
state so these can get to a productive state faster. 
 
 
QUESTION 694 
A company's applications run on Amazon EC2 instances in Auto Scaling groups. The company 
notices that its applications experience sudden traffic increases on random days of the week. The 
company wants to maintain application performance during sudden traffic increases. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use manual scaling to change the size of the Auto Scaling group. 
B. Use predictive scaling to change the size of the Auto Scaling group. 
C. Use dynamic scaling to change the size of the Auto Scaling group. 
D. Use schedule scaling to change the size of the Auto Scaling group. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Dynamic Scaling - This is yet another type of Auto Scaling in which the number of EC2 instances 
is changed automatically depending on the signals received. Dynamic Scaling is a good choice 
when there is a high volume of unpredictable traffic. 
 
 
QUESTION 695 
An ecommerce application uses a PostgreSQL database that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. 
During a monthly sales event, database usage increases and causes database connection issues 
for the application. The traffic is unpredictable for subsequent monthly sales events, which 
impacts the sales forecast. The company needs to maintain performance when there is an 
unpredictable increase in traffic. 
 
Which solution resolves this issue in the MOST cost-effective way? 
 
A. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon Aurora Serverless v2. 
B. Enable auto scaling for the PostgreSQL database on the EC2 instance to accommodate 
increased usage. 
C. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL with a larger instance type. 
D. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to Amazon Redshift to accommodate increased usage. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Aurora Serverless v2 got autoscaling, highly available and cheaper when compared to the other 
options. 
 
 
QUESTION 696 
A company hosts an internal serverless application on AWS by using Amazon API Gateway and 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
335 
AWS Lambda. The company's employees report issues with high latency when they begin using 
the application each day. The company wants to reduce latency. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Increase the API Gateway throttling limit. 
B. Set up a scheduled scaling to increase Lambda provisioned concurrency before employees begin 
to use the application each day. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to initiate a Lambda function as a target for the alarm at 
the beginning of each day. 
D. Increase the Lambda function memory. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/scheduling-aws-lambda-provisioned-concurrency-for-
recurring-peak-usage/ 
 
 
QUESTION 697 
A research company uses on-premises devices to generate data for analysis. The company 
wants to use the AWS Cloud to analyze the data. The devices generate .csv files and support 
writing the data to an SMB file share. Company analysts must be able to use SQL commands to 
query the data. The analysts will run queries periodically throughout the day. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway on premises in Amazon S3 File Gateway mode. 
B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway on premises in Amazon FSx File Gateway made. 
C. Set up an AWS Glue crawler to create a table based on the data that is in Amazon S3. 
D. Set up an Amazon EMR cluster with EMR File System (EMRFS) to query the data that is in 
Amazon S3. Provide access to analysts. 
E. Set up an Amazon Redshift cluster to query the data that is in Amazon S3. Provide access to 
analysts. 
F. Setup Amazon Athena to query the data that is in Amazon S3. Provide access to analysts. 
 
Answer: ACF 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/glue/latest/dg/aws-glue-programming-etl-format-csv-home.html 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-athena-interactive-sql-queries-for-data-in-amazon-
s3/ 
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 698 
A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) clusters and Amazon 
RDS DB instances to build and run a payment processing application. The company will run the 
application in its on-premises data center for compliance purposes. 
 
A solutions architect wants to use AWS Outposts as part of the solution. The solutions architect is 
working with the company's operational team to build the application. 
 
Which activities are the responsibility of the company's operational team? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Providing resilient power and network connectivity to the Outposts racks 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
336 
B. Managing the virtualization hypervisor, storage systems, and the AWS services that run on 
Outposts 
C. Physical security and access controls of the data center environment 
D. Availability of the Outposts infrastructure including the power supplies, servers, and networking 
equipment within the Outposts racks 
E. Physical maintenance of Outposts components 
F. Providing extra capacity for Amazon ECS clusters to mitigate server failures and maintenance 
events 
 
Answer: ACF 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-outposts-high-availability-design/aws-
outposts-high-availability-design.html 
With Outposts, you are responsible for providing resilient power and network connectivity to the 
Outpost racks to meet your availability requirements for workloads running on Outposts. You are 
responsible for the physical security and access controls of the data center environment. You 
must provide sufficient power, space, and cooling to keep the Outpost operational and network 
connections to connect the Outpost back to the Region. Since Outpost capacity is finite and 
determined by the size and number of racks AWS installs at your site, you must decide how much 
EC2, EBS, and S3 on Outposts capacity you need to run your initial workloads, accommodate 
future growth, and to provide extra capacity to mitigate server failures and maintenance events. 
 
 
QUESTION 699 
A company is planning to migrate a TCP-based application into the company's VPC. The 
application is publicly accessible on a nonstandard TCP port through a hardware appliance in the 
company's data center. This public endpoint can process up to 3 million requests per second with 
low latency. The company requires the same level of performance for the new public endpoint in 
AWS. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Configure the NLB to be publicly accessible over the 
TCP port that the application requires. 
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Configure the ALB to be publicly accessible over the 
TCP port that the application requires. 
C. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution that listens on the TCP port that the application 
requires. Use an Application Load Balancer as the origin. 
D. Deploy an Amazon API Gateway API that is configured with the TCP port that the application 
requires. Configure AWS Lambda functions with provisioned concurrency to process the 
requests. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Since the company requires the same level of performance for the new public endpoint in AWS. 
A Network Load Balancer functions at the fourth layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) 
model. It can handle millions of requests per second. After the load balancer receives a 
connection request, it selects a target from the target group for the default rule. It attempts to 
open a TCP connection to the selected target on the port specified in the listener configuration. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html 
 
 
QUESTION 700 
A company runs its critical database on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. The 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
337 
company wants to migrate to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL with minimal downtime and data loss. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a DB snapshot of the RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance to populate a new Aurora 
PostgreSQL DB cluster. 
B. Create an Aurora read replica of the RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Promote the Aurora read 
replicate to a new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. 
C. Use data import from Amazon S3 to migrate the database to an Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. 
D. Use the pg_dump utility to back up the RDS for PostgreSQL database. Restore the backup to a 
new Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/AuroraPostgreSQL.Migrating
.html 
 
 
QUESTION 701 
A company's infrastructure consists of hundreds of Amazon EC2 instances that use Amazon 
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage. A solutions architect must ensure that every EC2 
instance can be recovered after a disaster. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of effort? 
 
A. Take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance. Create an AWS 
CloudFormation template to launch new EC2 instances from the EBS storage. 
B. Take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each EC2 instance. Use AWS Elastic 
Beanstalk to set the environment based on the EC2 template and attach the EBS storage. 
C. Use AWS Backup to set up a backup plan for the entire group of EC2 instances. Use the AWS 
Backup API or the AWS CLI to speed up the restore process for multiple EC2 instances. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to take a snapshot of the EBS storage that is attached to each 
EC2 instance and copy the Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). Create another Lambda function to 
perform the restores with the copied AMIs and attach the EBS storage. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Backup automates backup of resources like EBS volumes. It allows defining backup 
policies for groups of resources. This removes the need to manually create backups for each 
resource. 
The AWS Backup API and CLI allow programmatic control of backup plans and restores. This 
enables restoring hundreds of EC2 instances programmatically after a disaster instead of 
manually. 
AWS Backup handles cleanup of old backups based on policies to minimize storage costs. 
 
 
QUESTION 702 
A company recently migrated to the AWS Cloud. The company wants a serverless solution for 
large-scale parallel on-demand processing of a semistructured dataset. The data consists of logs, 
media files, sales transactions, and IoT sensor data that is stored in Amazon S3. The company 
wants the solution to process thousands of items in the dataset in parallel. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
338 
A. Use the AWS Step Functions Map state in Inline mode to process the data in parallel. 
B. Use the AWS Step Functions Map state in Distributed mode to process the data in parallel. 
C. Use AWS Glue to process the data in parallel. 
D. Use several AWS Lambda functions to process the data in parallel. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Step Functions allows you to orchestrate and scale distributed processing using the Map 
state. The Map state can process items in a large dataset in parallel by distributing the work 
across multiple resources. 
Using the Map state in Distributed mode will automatically handle the parallel processing and 
scaling. Step Functions will add more workers to process the data as needed. 
Step Functions is serverless so there are no servers to manage. It will scale up and down 
automatically based on demand. 
 
 
QUESTION 703 
A company will migrate 10 PB of data to Amazon S3 in 6 weeks. The current data center has a 
500 Mbps uplink to the internet. Other on-premises applications share the uplink. The company 
can use 80% of the internet bandwidth for this one-time migration task. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon S3 and to automatically verify the data. 
B. Use rsync to transfer the data directly to Amazon S3. 
C. Use the AWS CLI and multiple copy processes to send the data directly to Amazon S3. 
D. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices. Copy the data to the devices. Send the devices to AWS to 
copy the data to Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 704 
A company has several on-premises Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (ISCSI) network 
storage servers. The company wants to reduce the number of these servers by moving to the 
AWS Cloud. A solutions architect must provide low-latency access to frequently used data and 
reduce the dependency on on-premises servers with a minimal number of infrastructure changes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy an Amazon S3 File Gateway. 
B. Deploy Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage with backups to Amazon S3. 
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway that is configured with stored volumes. 
D. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway that is configured with cached volumes. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/latest/vgw/WhatIsStorageGateway.html 
 
 
QUESTION 705 
A solutions architect is designing an application that will allow business users to upload objects to 
Amazon S3. The solution needs to maximize object durability. Objects also must be readily 
available at any time and for any length of time. Users will access objects frequently within the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
339 
first 30 days after the objects are uploaded, but users are much less likely to access objects that 
are older than 30 days. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 
Glacier after 30 days. 
B. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days. 
C. Store all the objects in S3 Standard with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to S3 One 
Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days. 
D. Store all the objects in S3 Intelligent-Tiering with an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition the objects to 
S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 706 
A company has migrated a two-tier application from its on-premises data center to the AWS 
Cloud. The data tier is a Multi-AZ deployment of Amazon RDS for Oracle with 12 TB of General 
Purpose SSD Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage. The application is designed to 
process and store documents in the database as binary large objects (blobs) with an average 
document size of 6 MB. 
 
The database size has grown over time, reducing the performance and increasing the cost of 
storage. The company must improve the database performance and needs a solution that is 
highly available and resilient. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Reduce the RDS DB instance size. Increase the storage capacity to 24 TiB. Change the storage 
type to Magnetic. 
B. Increase the RDS DB instance size. Increase the storage capacity to 24 TiChange the storage 
type to Provisioned IOPS. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Update the application to store documents in the S3 bucket. Store 
the object metadata in the existing database. 
D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table. Update the application to use DynamoDB. Use AWS 
Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate data from the Oracle database to 
DynamoDB. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 707 
A company has an application that serves clients that are deployed in more than 20.000 retail 
storefront locations around the world. The application consists of backend web services that are 
exposed over HTTPS on port 443. The application is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances behind 
an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The retail locations communicate with the web application 
over the public internet. The company allows each retail location to register the IP address that 
the retail location has been allocated by its local ISP. 
 
The company's security team recommends to increase the security of the application endpoint by 
restricting access to only the IP addresses registered by the retail locations. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
340 
 
A. Associate an AWS WAF web ACL with the ALB. Use IP rule sets on the ALB to filter traffic. 
Update the IP addresses in the rule to include the registered IP addresses. 
B. Deploy AWS Firewall Manager to manage the ALConfigure firewall rules to restrict traffic to the 
ALModify the firewall rules to include the registered IP addresses. 
C. Store the IP addresses in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Configure an AWS Lambda authorization 
function on the ALB to validate that incoming requests are from the registered IP addresses. 
D. Configure the network ACL on the subnet that contains the public interface of the ALB. Update 
the ingress rules on the network ACL with entries for each of the registered IP addresses. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Associate an AWS WAF web ACL with the ALB. Use IP rule sets on the ALB to filter traffic. 
Update the IP addresses in the rule to include the registered IP addresses. 
 
 
QUESTION 708 
A company is building a data analysis platform on AWS by using AWS Lake Formation. The 
platform will ingest data from different sources such as Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS. The 
company needs a secure solution to prevent access to portions of the data that contain sensitive 
information. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an IAM role that includes permissions to access Lake Formation tables. 
B. Create data filters to implement row-level security and cell-level security. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function that removes sensitive information before Lake Formation 
ingests the data. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that periodically queries and removes sensitive information from 
Lake Formation tables. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Lake Formation data filters allow restricting access to rows or cells in data tables based on 
conditions. This allows preventing access to sensitive data. 
Data filters are implemented within Lake Formation and do not require additional coding or 
Lambda functions. 
Lambda functions to pre-process data or purge tables would require ongoing development and 
maintenance. 
IAM roles only provide user-level permissions, not row or cell level security. 
Data filters give granular access control over Lake Formation data with minimal configuration, 
avoiding complex custom code. 
 
 
QUESTION 709 
A company deploys Amazon EC2 instances that run in a VPC. The EC2 instances load source 
data into Amazon S3 buckets so that the data can be processed in the future. According to 
compliance laws, the data must not be transmitted over the public internet. Servers in the 
company's on-premises data center will consume the output from an application that runs on the 
EC2 instances. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon EC2. Create an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
341 
between the company and the VPC. 
B. Deploy a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection 
between the on-premises network and the VPC. 
C. Set up an AWS Transit Gateway connection from the VPC to the S3 buckets. Create an AWS 
Site-to-Site VPN connection between the company and the VPC. 
D. Set up proxy EC2 instances that have routes to NAT gateways. Configure the proxy EC2 
instances to fetch S3 data and feed the application instances. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Gateway VPC Endpoint = no internet to access S3. Direct Connect = secure access to VPC. 
 
 
QUESTION 710 
A company has an application with a REST-based interface that allows data to be received in 
near-real time from a third-party vendor. Once received, the application processes and stores the 
data for further analysis. The application is running on Amazon EC2 instances. 
 
The third-party vendor has received many 503 Service Unavailable Errors when sending data to 
the application. When the data volume spikes, the compute capacity reaches its maximum limit 
and the application is unable to process all requests. 
 
Which design should a solutions architect recommend to provide a more scalable solution? 
 
A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to ingest the data. Process the data using AWS Lambda 
functions. 
B. Use Amazon API Gateway on top of the existing application. Create a usage plan with a quota 
limit for the third-party vendor. 
C. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to ingest the data. Put the EC2 instances 
in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. 
D. Repackage the application as a container. Deploy the application using Amazon Elastic Container 
Service (Amazon ECS) using the EC2 launch type with an Auto Scaling group. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Kinesis Data Streams provides an auto-scaling stream that can handle large amounts of 
streaming data ingestion and throughput. This removes the bottlenecks around receiving the 
data. 
AWS Lambda can process and store the data in a scalable serverless manner, avoiding EC2 
capacity limits. 
API Gateway adds API management capabilities but does not improve the underlying scalability 
of the EC2 application. 
SNS is for event publishing/notifications, not large scale data ingestion. ECS still relies on EC2 
capacity. 
 
 
QUESTION 711 
A company has an application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet. The 
application needs to process sensitive information from an Amazon S3 bucket. The application 
must not use the internet to connect to the S3 bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an internet gateway. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the internet 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
342 
gateway. Update the application to use the new internet gateway. 
B. Configure a VPN connection. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the VPN 
connection. Update the application to use the new VPN connection. 
C. Configure a NAT gateway. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the NAT gateway. 
Update the application to use the new NAT gateway. 
D. Configure a VPC endpoint. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from the VPC endpoint. 
Update the application to use the new VPC endpoint. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-privatelink/what-are-vpc-endpoints.html 
 
 
QUESTION 712 
A company uses Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) to run a container 
application. The EKS cluster stores sensitive information in the Kubernetes secrets object. The 
company wants to ensure that the information is encrypted. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use the container application to encrypt the information by using AWS Key Management Service 
(AWS KMS). 
B. Enable secrets encryption in the EKS cluster by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS 
KMS). 
C. Implement an AWS Lambda function to encrypt the information by using AWS Key Management 
Service (AWS KMS). 
D. Use AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store to encrypt the information by using AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS). 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2020/03/amazon-eks-adds-envelope-encryption-
for-secrets-with-aws-kms/ 
 
 
QUESTION 713 
A company is designing a new multi-tier web application that consists of the following 
components: 
 
- Web and application servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances as part 
of Auto Scaling groups 
- An Amazon RDS DB instance for data storage 
 
A solutions architect needs to limit access to the application servers so that only the web servers 
can access them. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy AWS PrivateLink in front of the application servers. Configure the network ACL to allow 
only the web servers to access the application servers. 
B. Deploy a VPC endpoint in front of the application servers. Configure the security group to allow 
only the web servers to access the application servers. 
C. Deploy a Network Load Balancer with a target group that contains the application servers' Auto 
Scaling group. Configure the network ACL to allow only the web servers to access the application 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
343 
servers. 
D. Deploy an Application Load Balancer with a target group that contains the application servers' 
Auto Scaling group. Configure the security group to allow only the web servers to access the 
application servers. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
An Application Load Balancer (ALB) allows directing traffic to the application servers and provides 
access control via security groups. 
Security groups act as a firewall at the instance level and can control access to the application 
servers from the web servers. 
Network ACLs work at the subnet level and are less flexible for security groups for instance-level 
access control. 
VPC endpoints are used to provide private access to AWS services, not for access between EC2 
instances. 
AWS PrivateLink provides private connectivity between VPCs, which is not required in this single 
VPC scenario. 
 
 
QUESTION 714 
A company runs a critical, customer-facing application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service 
(Amazon EKS). The application has a microservices architecture. The company needs to 
implement a solution that collects, aggregates, and summarizes metrics and logs from the 
application in a centralized location. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Run the Amazon CloudWatch agent in the existing EKS cluster. View the metrics and logs in the 
CloudWatch console. 
B. Run AWS App Mesh in the existing EKS cluster. View the metrics and logs in the App Mesh 
console. 
C. Configure AWS CloudTrail to capture data events. Query CloudTrail by using Amazon 
OpenSearch Service. 
D. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Container Insights in the existing EKS cluster. View the metrics 
and logs in the CloudWatch console. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudWatch Application Insights facilitates observability for your applications and 
underlying AWS resources. It helps you set up the best monitors for your application resources to 
continuously analyze data for signs of problems with your applications. 
 
 
QUESTION 715 
A company has deployed its newest product on AWS. The product runs in an Auto Scaling group 
behind a Network Load Balancer. The company stores the product's objects in an Amazon S3 
bucket. 
 
The company recently experienced malicious attacks against its systems. The company needs a 
solution that continuously monitors for malicious activity in the AWS account, workloads, and 
access patterns to the S3 bucket. The solution must also report suspicious activity and display 
the information on a dashboard. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
344 
A. Configure Amazon Macie to monitor and report findings to AWS Config. 
B. Configure Amazon Inspector to monitor and report findings to AWS CloudTrail. 
C. Configure Amazon GuardDuty to monitor and report findings to AWS Security Hub. 
D. Configure AWS Config to monitor and report findings to Amazon EventBridge. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that continuously monitors for malicious activity 
and unauthorized behavior. It analyzes AWS CloudTrail, VPC Flow Logs, and DNS logs. 
GuardDuty can detect threats like instance or S3 bucket compromise, malicious IP addresses, or 
unusual API calls. 
Findings can be sent to AWS Security Hub which provides a centralized security dashboard and 
alerts. 
Amazon Macie and Amazon Inspector do not monitor the breadth of activity that GuardDuty does. 
They focus more on data security and application vulnerabilities respectively. 
AWS Config monitors for resource configuration changes, not malicious activity. 
 
 
QUESTION 716 
A company wants to migrate an on-premises data center to AWS. The data center hosts a 
storage server that stores data in an NFS-based file system. The storage server holds 200 GB of 
data. The company needs to migrate the data without interruption to existing services. Multiple 
resources in AWS must be able to access the data by using the NFS protocol. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. 
B. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to receive the data. 
D. Manually use an operating system copy command to push the data into the AWS destination. 
E. Install an AWS DataSync agent in the on-premises data center. Use a DataSync task between 
the on-premises location and AWS. 
 
Answer: BE 
Explanation: 
Amazon EFS provides a scalable, high performance NFS file system that can be accessed from 
multiple resources in AWS. 
AWS DataSync can perform the migration from the on-prem NFS server to EFS without 
interruption to existing services. 
This avoids having to manually move the data which could cause downtime. DataSync 
incrementally syncs changed data. 
EFS and DataSync together provide a cost-optimized approach compared to using S3 or FSx, 
while still meeting the requirements. 
Manually copying 200 GB of data to AWS would be slow and risky compared to using DataSync. 
 
 
QUESTION 717 
A company wants to use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server for its Amazon EC2 instances that 
have an SMB file share mounted as a volume in the us-east-1 Region. The company has a 
recovery point objective (RPO) of 5 minutes for planned system maintenance or unplanned 
service disruptions. The company needs to replicate the file system to the us-west-2 Region. The 
replicated data must not be deleted by any user for 5 years. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
345 
 
A. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Single-AZ 2 
deployment type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that 
copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in compliance mode for a 
target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. 
B. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Multi-AZ deployment 
type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the 
backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in governance mode for a target vault in 
us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. 
C. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Multi-AZ deployment 
type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that copies the 
backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in compliance mode for a target vault in 
us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. 
D. Create an FSx for Windows File Server file system in us-east-1 that has a Single-AZ 2 
deployment type. Use AWS Backup to create a daily backup plan that includes a backup rule that 
copies the backup to us-west-2. Configure AWS Backup Vault Lock in governance mode for a 
target vault in us-west-2. Configure a minimum duration of 5 years. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/vault-lock.html 
 
 
QUESTION 718 
A solutions architect is designing a security solution for a company that wants to provide 
developers with individual AWS accounts through AWS Organizations, while also maintaining 
standard security controls. Because the individual developers will have AWS account root user-
level access to their own accounts, the solutions architect wants to ensure that the mandatory 
AWS CloudTrail configuration that is applied to new developer accounts is not modified. 
 
Which action meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an IAM policy that prohibits changes to CloudTrail. and attach it to the root user. 
B. Create a new trail in CloudTrail from within the developer accounts with the organization trails 
option enabled. 
C. Create a service control policy (SCP) that prohibits changes to CloudTrail, and attach it the 
developer accounts. 
D. Create a service-linked role for CloudTrail with a policy condition that allows changes only from 
an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) in the management account. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 719 
A company is planning to deploy a business-critical application in the AWS Cloud. The application 
requires durable storage with consistent, low-latency performance. 
 
Which type of storage should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Instance store volume 
B. Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster 
C. Provisioned IOPS SSD Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume 
D. Throughput Optimized HDD Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
346 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/ebs/volume-types/ 
 
 
QUESTION 720 
An online photo-sharing company stores its photos in an Amazon S3 bucket that exists in the us-
west-1 Region. The company needs to store a copy of all new photos in the us-east-1 Region. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort? 
 
A. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1. Use S3 Cross-Region Replication to copy photos from 
the existing S3 bucket to the second S3 bucket. 
B. Create a cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) configuration of the existing S3 bucket. Specify 
us-east-1 in the CORS rule's AllowedOrigin element. 
C. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1 across multiple Availability Zones. Create an S3 Lifecycle 
rule to save photos into the second S3 bucket. 
D. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1. Configure S3 event notifications on object creation and 
update events to invoke an AWS Lambda function to copy photos from the existing S3 bucket to 
the second S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2015/03/amazon-s3-introduces-cross-region-
replication/ 
 
 
QUESTION 721 
A company is creating a new web application for its subscribers. The application will consist of a 
static single page and a persistent database layer. The application will have millions of users for 4 
hours in the morning, but the application will have only a few thousand users during the rest of 
the day. The company's data architects have requested the ability to rapidly evolve their schema. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements and provide the MOST scalability? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Deploy Amazon DynamoDB as the database solution. Provision on-demand capacity. 
B. Deploy Amazon Aurora as the database solution. Choose the serverless DB engine mode. 
C. Deploy Amazon DynamoDB as the database solution. Ensure that DynamoDB auto scaling is 
enabled. 
D. Deploy the static content into an Amazon S3 bucket. Provision an Amazon CloudFront distribution 
with the S3 bucket as the origin. 
E. Deploy the web servers for static content across a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances in Auto Scaling 
groups. Configure the instances to periodically refresh the content from an Amazon Elastic File 
System (Amazon EFS) volume. 
 
Answer: AD 
Explanation: 
For tables using on-demand mode, DynamoDB instantly accommodates customers workloads as 
they ramp up or down to any previously observed traffic level. If the level of traffic hits a new 
peak, DynamoDB adapts rapidly to accommodate the workload. 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-dynamodb-on-demand-no-capacity-planning-and-
pay-per-request-pricing/ 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
347 
QUESTION 722 
A company uses Amazon API Gateway to manage its REST APIs that third-party service 
providers access. The company must protect the REST APIs from SQL injection and cross-site 
scripting attacks. 
 
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements? 
 
A. Configure AWS Shield. 
B. Configure AWS WAF. 
C. Set up API Gateway with an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure AWS Shield in 
CloudFront. 
D. Set up API Gateway with an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure AWS WAF in CloudFront. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/classic-web-acl-xss-conditions.html 
 
 
QUESTION 723 
A company wants to provide users with access to AWS resources. The company has 1,500 users 
and manages their access to on-premises resources through Active Directory user groups on the 
corporate network. However, the company does not want users to have to maintain another 
identity to access the resources. A solutions architect must manage user access to the AWS 
resources while preserving access to the on-premises resources. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an IAM user for each user in the company. Attach the appropriate policies to each user. 
B. Use Amazon Cognito with an Active Directory user pool. Create roles with the appropriate policies 
attached. 
C. Define cross-account roles with the appropriate policies attached. Map the roles to the Active 
Directory groups. 
D. Configure Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) 2 0-based federation. Create roles with 
the appropriate policies attached Map the roles to the Active Directory groups. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/identity/saml/ 
 
 
QUESTION 724 
A company is hosting a website behind multiple Application Load Balancers. The company has 
different distribution rights for its content around the world. A solutions architect needs to ensure 
that users are served the correct content without violating distribution rights. 
 
Which configuration should the solutions architect choose to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure Amazon CloudFront with AWS WAF. 
B. Configure Application Load Balancers with AWS WAF 
C. Configure Amazon Route 53 with a geolocation policy 
D. Configure Amazon Route 53 with a geoproximity routing policy 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
348 
Geolocation routing policy - Use when you want to route traffic based on the location of users. 
Geo-proximity routing policy - Use when you want to route traffic based on the location of your 
resources and optionally switch resource traffic at one location to resources elsewhere. 
 
 
QUESTION 725 
A company stores its data on premises. The amount of data is growing beyond the company's 
available capacity. 
 
The company wants to migrate its data from the on-premises location to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
The company needs a solution that will automatically validate the integrity of the data after the 
transfer. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Order an AWS Snowball Edge device. Configure the Snowball Edge device to perform the online 
data transfer to an S3 bucket 
B. Deploy an AWS DataSync agent on premises. Configure the DataSync agent to perform the 
online data transfer to an S3 bucket. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises Configure the S3 File Gateway to perform the 
online data transfer to an S3 bucket 
D. Configure an accelerator in Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration on premises. Configure the 
accelerator to perform the online data transfer to an S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
During a transfer, AWS DataSync always checks the integrity of your data, but you can specify 
how and when this verification happens with the following options: Verify only the data transferred 
(recommended)  DataSync calculates the checksum of transferred files and metadata at the 
source location. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/datasync/latest/userguide/configure-data-verification-options.html 
 
 
QUESTION 726 
A company wants to migrate two DNS servers to AWS. The servers host a total of approximately 
200 zones and receive 1 million requests each day on average. The company wants to maximize 
availability while minimizing the operational overhead that is related to the management of the 
two servers. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create 200 new hosted zones in the Amazon Route 53 console Import zone files. 
B. Launch a single large Amazon EC2 instance Import zone tiles. Configure Amazon CloudWatch 
alarms and notifications to alert the company about any downtime. 
C. Migrate the servers to AWS by using AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS). Configure 
Amazon CloudWatch alarms and notifications to alert the company about any downtime. 
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group across two Availability Zones. Import 
zone files. Set the desired capacity to 1 and the maximum capacity to 3 for the Auto Scaling 
group. Configure scaling alarms to scale based on CPU utilization. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/migrate-dns-domain-in-use.html 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
349 
QUESTION 727 
A global company runs its applications in multiple AWS accounts in AWS Organizations. The 
company's applications use multipart uploads to upload data to multiple Amazon S3 buckets 
across AWS Regions. The company wants to report on incomplete multipart uploads for cost 
compliance purposes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure AWS Config with a rule to report the incomplete multipart upload object count. 
B. Create a service control policy (SCP) to report the incomplete multipart upload object count. 
C. Configure S3 Storage Lens to report the incomplete multipart upload object count. 
D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point to report the incomplete multipart upload object count. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
S3 storage lenses can be used to find incomplete multipart uploads: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws-cloud-financial-management/discovering-and-deleting-
incomplete-multipart-uploads-to-lower-amazon-s3-costs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 728 
A company runs a production database on Amazon RDS for MySQL. The company wants to 
upgrade the database version for security compliance reasons. Because the database contains 
critical data, the company wants a quick solution to upgrade and test functionality without losing 
any data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an RDS manual snapshot. Upgrade to the new version of Amazon RDS for MySQL. 
B. Use native backup and restore. Restore the data to the upgraded new version of Amazon RDS 
for MySQL. 
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to replicate the data to the upgraded new 
version of Amazon RDS for MySQL. 
D. Use Amazon RDS Blue/Green Deployments to deploy and test production changes. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
You can make changes to the RDS DB instances in the green environment without affecting 
production workloads. For example, you can upgrade the major or minor DB engine version, 
upgrade the underlying file system configuration, or change database parameters in the staging 
environment. You can thoroughly test changes in the green environment. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/blue-green-deployments-
overview.html 
 
 
QUESTION 729 
A solutions architect is creating a data processing job that runs once daily and can take up to 2 
hours to complete. If the job is interrupted, it has to restart from the beginning. 
 
How should the solutions architect address this issue in the MOST cost-effective manner? 
 
A. Create a script that runs locally on an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance that is triggered by a cron 
job. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered by an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
350 
C. Use an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) Fargate task triggered by an Amazon 
EventBridge scheduled event. 
D. Use an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) task running on Amazon EC2 triggered 
by an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 730 
A social media company wants to store its database of user profiles, relationships, and 
interactions in the AWS Cloud. The company needs an application to monitor any changes in the 
database. The application needs to analyze the relationships between the data entities and to 
provide recommendations to users. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon Neptune to store the information. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to process 
changes in the database. 
B. Use Amazon Neptune to store the information. Use Neptune Streams to process changes in the 
database. 
C. Use Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) to store the information. Use Amazon 
Kinesis Data Streams to process changes in the database. 
D. Use Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) to store the information. Use Neptune 
Streams to process changes in the database. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
With Amazon Neptune, you can create sophisticated, interactive graph applications that can 
query billions of relationships in milliseconds. 
https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/features/ 
 
 
QUESTION 731 
A company is creating a new application that will store a large amount of data. The data will be 
analyzed hourly and will be modified by several Amazon EC2 Linux instances that are deployed 
across multiple Availability Zones. The needed amount of storage space will continue to grow for 
the next 6 months. 
 
Which storage solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Store the data in Amazon S3 Glacier. Update the S3 Glacier vault policy to allow access to the 
application instances. 
B. Store the data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Mount the EBS volume 
on the application instances. 
C. Store the data in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the file system 
on the application instances. 
D. Store the data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Provisioned IOPS volume shared 
between the application instances. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Shared File System: Amazon EFS allows multiple Amazon EC2 instances to mount the same file 
system simultaneously, making it easy for multiple instances to access and modify the data 
concurrently. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
351 
 
 
QUESTION 732 
A company manages an application that stores data on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL Multi-
AZ DB instance. Increases in traffic are causing performance problems. The company determines 
that database queries are the primary reason for the slow performance. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to improve the application's performance? 
 
A. Serve read traffic from the Multi-AZ standby replica. 
B. Configure the DB instance to use Transfer Acceleration. 
C. Create a read replica from the source DB instance. Serve read traffic from the read replica. 
D. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose between the application and Amazon RDS to increase the 
concurrency of database requests. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
After you create a read replica from a source DB instance, the source becomes the primary DB 
instance. When you make updates to the primary DB instance, Amazon RDS copies them 
asynchronously to the read replica. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ReadRepl.html 
 
 
QUESTION 733 
A company collects 10 GB of telemetry data daily from various machines. The company stores 
the data in an Amazon S3 bucket in a source data account. 
 
The company has hired several consulting agencies to use this data for analysis. Each agency 
needs read access to the data for its analysts. The company must share the data from the source 
data account by choosing a solution that maximizes security and operational efficiency. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure S3 global tables to replicate data for each agency. 
B. Make the S3 bucket public for a limited time. Inform only the agencies. 
C. Configure cross-account access for the S3 bucket to the accounts that the agencies own. 
D. Set up an IAM user for each analyst in the source data account. Grant each user access to the 
S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 734 
A company uses Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP in its primary AWS Region for CIFS and NFS 
file shares. Applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances access the file shares. The company 
needs a storage disaster recovery (DR) solution in a secondary Region. The data that is 
replicated in the secondary Region needs to be accessed by using the same protocols as the 
primary Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to copy the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Replicate the S3 
bucket to the secondary Region. 
B. Create a backup of the FSx for ONTAP volumes by using AWS Backup. Copy the volumes to the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
352 
secondary Region. Create a new FSx for ONTAP instance from the backup. 
C. Create an FSx for ONTAP instance in the secondary Region. Use NetApp SnapMirror to replicate 
data from the primary Region to the secondary Region. 
D. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Migrate the current data to the 
volume. Replicate the volume to the secondary Region. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
You can use NetApp SnapMirror to schedule periodic replication of your FSx for ONTAP file 
system to or from a second file system. This capability is available for both in-Region and cross-
Region deployments. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/fsx/latest/ONTAPGuide/scheduled-replication.html 
 
 
QUESTION 735 
A development team is creating an event-based application that uses AWS Lambda functions. 
Events will be generated when files are added to an Amazon S3 bucket. The development team 
currently has Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) configured as the event target 
from Amazon S3. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to process the events from Amazon S3 in a scalable way? 
 
A. Create an SNS subscription that processes the event in Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) before the event runs in Lambda. 
B. Create an SNS subscription that processes the event in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service 
(Amazon EKS) before the event runs in Lambda 
C. Create an SNS subscription that sends the event to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS). Configure the SOS queue to trigger a Lambda function. 
D. Create an SNS subscription that sends the event to AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS). 
Configure the Lambda function to poll from the SMS event. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon SQS is designed for event-driven and scalable message processing. It can handle large 
volumes of messages and automatically scales based on the incoming workload. This allows for 
better load distribution and scaling as compared to direct Lambda invocation. 
 
 
QUESTION 736 
A solutions architect is designing a new service behind Amazon API Gateway. The request 
patterns for the service will be unpredictable and can change suddenly from 0 requests to over 
500 per second. The total size of the data that needs to be persisted in a backend database is 
currently less than 1 GB with unpredictable future growth. Data can be queried using simple key-
value requests. 
 
Which combination ofAWS services would meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. AWS Fargate 
B. AWS Lambda 
C. Amazon DynamoDB 
D. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling 
E. MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora 
 
Answer: BC 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
353 
 
 
QUESTION 737 
A company collects and shares research data with the company's employees all over the world. 
The company wants to collect and store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket and process the data 
in the AWS Cloud. The company will share the data with the company's employees. The 
company needs a secure solution in the AWS Cloud that minimizes operational overhead. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an AWS Lambda function to create an S3 presigned URL. Instruct employees to use the 
URL. 
B. Create an IAM user for each employee. Create an IAM policy for each employee to allow S3 
access. Instruct employees to use the AWS Management Console. 
C. Create an S3 File Gateway. Create a share for uploading and a share for downloading. Allow 
employees to mount shares on their local computers to use S3 File Gateway. 
D. Configure AWS Transfer Family SFTP endpoints. Select the custom identity provider options. Use 
AWS Secrets Manager to manage the user credentials Instruct employees to use Transfer 
Family. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 738 
A company is building a new furniture inventory application. The company has deployed the 
application on a fleet ofAmazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 
instances run behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in their VPC. 
 
A solutions architect has observed that incoming traffic seems to favor one EC2 instance, 
resulting in latency for some requests. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Disable session affinity (sticky sessions) on the ALB 
B. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer 
C. Increase the number of EC2 instances in each Availability Zone 
D. Adjust the frequency of the health checks on the ALB's target group 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 739 
A company has an application workflow that uses an AWS Lambda function to download and 
decrypt files from Amazon S3. These files are encrypted using AWS Key Management Service 
(AWS KMS) keys. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that will ensure the required 
permissions are set correctly. 
 
Which combination of actions accomplish this? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Attach the kms:decrypt permission to the Lambda function's resource policy 
B. Grant the decrypt permission for the Lambda IAM role in the KMS key's policy 
C. Grant the decrypt permission for the Lambda resource policy in the KMS key's policy. 
D. Create a new IAM policy with the kms:decrypt permission and attach the policy to the Lambda 
function. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
354 
E. Create a new IAM role with the kms:decrypt permission and attach the execution role to the 
Lambda function. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 740 
A company wants to monitor its AWS costs for financial review. The cloud operations team is 
designing an architecture in the AWS Organizations management account to query AWS Cost 
and Usage Reports for all member accounts. The team must run this query once a month and 
provide a detailed analysis of the bill. 
 
Which solution is the MOST scalable and cost-effective way to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable Cost and Usage Reports in the management account. Deliver reports to Amazon Kinesis. 
Use Amazon EMR for analysis. 
B. Enable Cost and Usage Reports in the management account. Deliver the reports to Amazon S3 
Use Amazon Athena for analysis. 
C. Enable Cost and Usage Reports for member accounts. Deliver the reports to Amazon S3 Use 
Amazon Redshift for analysis. 
D. Enable Cost and Usage Reports for member accounts. Deliver the reports to Amazon Kinesis. 
Use Amazon QuickSight tor analysis. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/analyze-amazon-s3-storage-costs-using-aws-cost-and-
usage-reports-amazon-s3-inventory-and-amazon-athena/ 
 
 
QUESTION 741 
A company wants to run a gaming application on Amazon EC2 instances that are part of an Auto 
Scaling group in the AWS Cloud. The application will transmit data by using UDP packets. The 
company wants to ensure that the application can scale out and in as traffic increases and 
decreases. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Attach a Network Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group. 
B. Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group. 
C. Deploy an Amazon Route 53 record set with a weighted policy to route traffic appropriately. 
D. Deploy a NAT instance that is configured with port forwarding to the EC2 instances in the Auto 
Scaling group. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/autoscaling-load-balancer.html 
 
 
QUESTION 742 
A company runs several websites on AWS for its different brands. Each website generates tens 
of gigabytes of web traffic logs each day. A solutions architect needs to design a scalable solution 
to give the company's developers the ability to analyze traffic patterns across all the company's 
websites. This analysis by the developers will occur on demand once a week over the course of 
several months. The solution must support queries with standard SQL. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
355 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Store the logs in Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena tor analysis. 
B. Store the logs in Amazon RDS. Use a database client for analysis. 
C. Store the logs in Amazon OpenSearch Service. Use OpenSearch Service for analysis. 
D. Store the logs in an Amazon EMR cluster Use a supported open-source framework for SQL-
based analysis. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 743 
An international company has a subdomain for each country that the company operates in. The 
subdomains are formatted as example.com, country1.example.com, and country2.example.com. 
The company's workloads are behind an Application Load Balancer. The company wants to 
encrypt the website data that is in transit. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use the AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) console to request a public certificate for the apex top 
domain example com and a wildcard certificate for *.example.com. 
B. Use the AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) console to request a private certificate for the apex top 
domain example.com and a wildcard certificate for *.example.com. 
C. Use the AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) console to request a public and private certificate for the 
apex top domain example.com. 
D. Validate domain ownership by email address. Switch to DNS validation by adding the required 
DNS records to the DNS provider. 
E. Validate domain ownership for the domain by adding the required DNS records to the DNS 
provider. 
 
Answer: AE 
 
 
QUESTION 744 
A company is required to use cryptographic keys in its on-premises key manager. The key 
manager is outside of the AWS Cloud because of regulatory and compliance requirements. The 
company wants to manage encryption and decryption by using cryptographic keys that are 
retained outside of the AWS Cloud and that support a variety of external key managers from 
different vendors. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS CloudHSM key store backed by a CloudHSM cluster. 
B. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) external key store backed by an external key 
manager. 
C. Use the default AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) managed key store. 
D. Use a custom key store backed by an AWS CloudHSM cluster. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/keystore-external.html 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
356 
QUESTION 745 
A solutions architect needs to host a high performance computing (HPC) workload in the AWS 
Cloud. The workload will run on hundreds of Amazon EC2 instances and will require parallel 
access to a shared file system to enable distributed processing of large datasets. Datasets will be 
accessed across multiple instances simultaneously. The workload requires access latency within 
1 ms. After processing has completed, engineers will need access to the dataset for manual 
postprocessing. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) as a shared file system. Access the dataset from 
Amazon EFS. 
B. Mount an Amazon S3 bucket to serve as the shared file system. Perform postprocessing directly 
from the S3 bucket. 
C. Use Amazon FSx for Lustre as a shared file system. Link the file system to an Amazon S3 bucket 
for postprocessing. 
D. Configure AWS Resource Access Manager to share an Amazon S3 bucket so that it can be 
mounted to all instances for processing and postprocessing. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon FSx for Lustre is a fully managed, high-performance file system optimized for HPC 
workloads. It is designed to deliver sub-millisecond latencies and high throughput, making it ideal 
for applications that require parallel access to shared storage, such as simulations and data 
analytics. 
 
 
QUESTION 746 
A gaming company is building an application with Voice over IP capabilities. The application will 
serve traffic to users across the world. The application needs to be highly available with an 
automated failover across AWS Regions. The company wants to minimize the latency of users 
without relying on IP address caching on user devices. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Global Accelerator with health checks. 
B. Use Amazon Route 53 with a geolocation routing policy. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that includes multiple origins. 
D. Create an Application Load Balancer that uses path-based routing. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/latest/dg/introduction-benefits-of-migrating.html 
 
 
QUESTION 747 
A weather forecasting company needs to process hundreds of gigabytes of data with sub-
millisecond latency. The company has a high performance computing (HPC) environment in its 
data center and wants to expand its forecasting capabilities. 
 
A solutions architect must identify a highly available cloud storage solution that can handle large 
amounts of sustained throughput. Files that are stored in the solution should be accessible to 
thousands of compute instances that will simultaneously access and process the entire dataset. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
357 
 
A. Use Amazon FSx for Lustre scratch file systems. 
B. Use Amazon FSx for Lustre persistent file systems. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with Bursting Throughput mode. 
D. Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with Provisioned Throughput mode. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 748 
An ecommerce company runs a PostgreSQL database on premises. The database stores data by 
using high IOPS Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) block storage. The daily peak I/O 
transactions per second do not exceed 15,000 IOPS. The company wants to migrate the 
database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL and provision disk IOPS performance independent of 
disk storage capacity. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure the General Purpose SSD (gp2) EBS volume storage type and provision 15,000 IOPS. 
B. Configure the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume storage type and provision 15,000 IOPS. 
C. Configure the General Purpose SSD (gp3) EBS volume storage type and provision 15,000 IOPS. 
D. Configure the EBS magnetic volume type to achieve maximum IOPS. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 749 
A company wants to migrate its on-premises Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise edition database to 
AWS. The company's online application uses the database to process transactions. The data 
analysis team uses the same production database to run reports for analytical processing. The 
company wants to reduce operational overhead by moving to managed services wherever 
possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Migrate to Amazon RDS for Microsoft SOL Server. Use read replicas for reporting purposes 
B. Migrate to Microsoft SQL Server on Amazon EC2. Use Always On read replicas for reporting 
purposes 
C. Migrate to Amazon DynamoDB. Use DynamoDB on-demand replicas for reporting purposes 
D. Migrate to Amazon Aurora MySQL. Use Aurora read replicas for reporting purposes 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 750 
A company stores a large volume of image files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The images need to be 
readily available for the first 180 days. The images are infrequently accessed for the next 180 
days. After 360 days, the images need to be archived but must be available instantly upon 
request. After 5 years, only auditors can access the images. The auditors must be able to retrieve 
the images within 12 hours. The images cannot be lost during this process. 
 
A developer will use S3 Standard storage for the first 180 days. The developer needs to configure 
an S3 Lifecycle rule. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
358 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Transition the objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 180 days. S3 
Glacier Instant Retrieval after 360 days, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years. 
B. Transition the objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 180 days. S3 
Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 360 days, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years. 
C. Transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 180 days, S3 
Glacier Instant Retrieval after 360 days, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years. 
D. Transition the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 180 days, S3 
Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 360 days, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 5 years. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 751 
A company has a large data workload that runs for 6 hours each day. The company cannot lose 
any data while the process is running. A solutions architect is designing an Amazon EMR cluster 
configuration to support this critical data workload. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure a long-running cluster that runs the primary node and core nodes on On-Demand 
Instances and the task nodes on Spot Instances. 
B. Configure a transient cluster that runs the primary node and core nodes on On-Demand 
Instances and the task nodes on Spot Instances. 
C. Configure a transient cluster that runs the primary node on an On-Demand Instance and the core 
nodes and task nodes on Spot Instances. 
D. Configure a long-running cluster that runs the primary node on an On-Demand Instance, the core 
nodes on Spot Instances, and the task nodes on Spot Instances. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
A transient cluster provides cost savings because it runs only during the computation time, and it 
provides scalability and flexibility in a cloud environment. 
 
 
QUESTION 752 
A company maintains an Amazon RDS database that maps users to cost centers. The company 
has accounts in an organization in AWS Organizations. The company needs a solution that will 
tag all resources that are created in a specific AWS account in the organization. The solution 
must tag each resource with the cost center ID of the user who created the resource. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Move the specific AWS account to a new organizational unit (OU) in Organizations from the 
management account. Create a service control policy (SCP) that requires all existing resources to 
have the correct cost center tag before the resources are created. Apply the SCP to the new OU. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function to tag the resources after the Lambda function looks up the 
appropriate cost center from the RDS database. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule that 
reacts to AWS CloudTrail events to invoke the Lambda function. 
C. Create an AWS CloudFormation stack to deploy an AWS Lambda function. Configure the 
Lambda function to look up the appropriate cost center from the RDS database and to tag 
resources. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule to invoke the CloudFormation stack. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to tag the resources with a default value. Configure an Amazon 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
359 
EventBridge rule that reacts to AWS CloudTrail events to invoke the Lambda function when a 
resource is missing the cost center tag. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 753 
A company recently migrated its web application to the AWS Cloud. The company uses an 
Amazon EC2 instance to run multiple processes to host the application. The processes include 
an Apache web server that serves static content. The Apache web server makes requests to a 
PHP application that uses a local Redis server for user sessions. 
 
The company wants to redesign the architecture to be highly available and to use AWS managed 
solutions. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to host the static content and the PHP application. Configure Elastic 
Beanstalk to deploy its EC2 instance into a public subnet. Assign a public IP address. 
B. Use AWS Lambda to host the static content and the PHP application. Use an Amazon API 
Gateway REST API to proxy requests to the Lambda function. Set the API Gateway CORS 
configuration to respond to the domain name. Configure Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to handle 
session information. 
C. Keep the backend code on the EC2 instance. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster 
that has Multi-AZ enabled. Configure the ElastiCache for Redis cluster in cluster mode. Copy the 
frontend resources to Amazon S3. Configure the backend code to reference the EC2 instance. 
D. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 endpoint to an S3 bucket that is 
configured to host the static content. Configure an Application Load Balancer that targets an 
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service that runs AWS Fargate tasks for the 
PHP application. Configure the PHP application to use an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster 
that runs in multiple Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 754 
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group that has a 
target group. The company designed the application to work with session affinity (sticky sessions) 
for a better user experience. 
 
The application must be available publicly over the internet as an endpoint. A WAF must be 
applied to the endpoint for additional security. Session affinity (sticky sessions) must be 
configured on the endpoint. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create a public Network Load Balancer. Specify the application target group. 
B. Create a Gateway Load Balancer. Specify the application target group. 
C. Create a public Application Load Balancer. Specify the application target group. 
D. Create a second target group. Add Elastic IP addresses to the EC2 instances. 
E. Create a web ACL in AWS WAF. Associate the web ACL with the endpoint 
 
Answer: CE 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
360 
 
QUESTION 755 
A company runs a website that stores images of historical events. Website users need the ability 
to search and view images based on the year that the event in the image occurred. On average, 
users request each image only once or twice a year. The company wants a highly available 
solution to store and deliver the images to users. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Store images in Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS). Use a web server that runs on 
Amazon EC2. 
B. Store images in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Use a web server that runs on 
Amazon EC2. 
C. Store images in Amazon S3 Standard. Use S3 Standard to directly deliver images by using a 
static website. 
D. Store images in Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). Use S3 Standard-IA 
to directly deliver images by using a static website. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/storage-class-intro.html 
 
 
QUESTION 756 
A company has multiple AWS accounts in an organization in AWS Organizations that different 
business units use. The company has multiple offices around the world. The company needs to 
update security group rules to allow new office CIDR ranges or to remove old CIDR ranges 
across the organization. The company wants to centralize the management of security group 
rules to minimize the administrative overhead that updating CIDR ranges requires. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create VPC security groups in the organization's management account. Update the security 
groups when a CIDR range update is necessary. 
B. Create a VPC customer managed prefix list that contains the list of CIDRs. Use AWS Resource 
Access Manager (AWS RAM) to share the prefix list across the organization. Use the prefix list in 
the security groups across the organization. 
C. Create an AWS managed prefix list. Use an AWS Security Hub policy to enforce the security 
group update across the organization. Use an AWS Lambda function to update the prefix list 
automatically when the CIDR ranges change. 
D. Create security groups in a central administrative AWS account. Create an AWS Firewall 
Manager common security group policy for the whole organization. Select the previously created 
security groups as primary groups in the policy. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/managed-prefix-lists.html 
 
 
QUESTION 757 
A company uses an on-premises network-attached storage (NAS) system to provide file shares to 
its high performance computing (HPC) workloads. The company wants to migrate its latency-
sensitive HPC workloads and its storage to the AWS Cloud. The company must be able to 
provide NFS and SMB multi-protocol access from the file system. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
361 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST latency? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Deploy compute optimized EC2 instances into a cluster placement group. 
B. Deploy compute optimized EC2 instances into a partition placement group. 
C. Attach the EC2 instances to an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. 
D. Attach the EC2 instances to an Amazon FSx for OpenZFS file system. 
E. Attach the EC2 instances to an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system. 
 
Answer: AE 
 
 
QUESTION 758 
A company is relocating its data center and wants to securely transfer 50 TB of data to AWS 
within 2 weeks. The existing data center has a Site-to-Site VPN connection to AWS that is 90% 
utilized. 
 
Which AWS service should a solutions architect use to meet these requirements? 
 
A. AWS DataSync with a VPC endpoint 
B. AWS Direct Connect 
C. AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized 
D. AWS Storage Gateway 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 759 
A company hosts an application on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances in an Auto Scaling 
group. Application peak hours occur at the same time each day. Application users report slow 
application performance at the start of peak hours. The application performs normally 2-3 hours 
after peak hours begin. The company wants to ensure that the application works properly at the 
start of peak hours. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic properly to the instances. 
B. Configure a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on 
memory utilization. 
C. Configure a dynamic scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances based on 
CPU utilization. 
D. Configure a scheduled scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to launch new instances before 
peak hours. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 760 
A company runs applications on AWS that connect to the company's Amazon RDS database. 
The applications scale on weekends and at peak times of the year. The company wants to scale 
the database more effectively for its applications that connect to the database. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon DynamoDB with connection pooling with a target group configuration for the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
362 
database. Change the applications to use the DynamoDB endpoint. 
B. Use Amazon RDS Proxy with a target group for the database. Change the applications to use the 
RDS Proxy endpoint. 
C. Use a custom proxy that runs on Amazon EC2 as an intermediary to the database. Change the 
applications to use the custom proxy endpoint. 
D. Use an AWS Lambda function to provide connection pooling with a target group configuration for 
the database. Change the applications to use the Lambda function. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 761 
A company uses AWS Cost Explorer to monitor its AWS costs. The company notices that 
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage and snapshot costs increase every month. 
However, the company does not purchase additional EBS storage every month. The company 
wants to optimize monthly costs for its current storage usage. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor the storage utilization of Amazon EBS. Use 
Amazon EBS Elastic Volumes to reduce the size of the EBS volumes. 
B. Use a custom script to monitor space usage. Use Amazon EBS Elastic Volumes to reduce the 
size of the EBS volumes. 
C. Delete all expired and unused snapshots to reduce snapshot costs. 
D. Delete all nonessential snapshots. Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager to create and manage 
the snapshots according to the company's snapshot policy requirements. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 762 
A company is developing a new application on AWS. The application consists of an Amazon 
Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster, an Amazon S3 bucket that contains assets for 
the application, and an Amazon RDS for MySQL database that contains the dataset for the 
application. The dataset contains sensitive information. The company wants to ensure that only 
the ECS cluster can access the data in the RDS for MySQL database and the data in the S3 
bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt 
both the S3 bucket and the RDS for MySQL database. Ensure that the KMS key policy includes 
encrypt and decrypt permissions for the ECS task execution role. 
B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key to encrypt both the S3 
bucket and the RDS for MySQL database. Ensure that the S3 bucket policy specifies the ECS 
task execution role as a user. 
C. Create an S3 bucket policy that restricts bucket access to the ECS task execution role. Create a 
VPC endpoint for Amazon RDS for MySQL. Update the RDS for MySQL security group to allow 
access from only the subnets that the ECS cluster will generate tasks in. 
D. Create a VPC endpoint for Amazon RDS for MySQL. Update the RDS for MySQL security group 
to allow access from only the subnets that the ECS cluster will generate tasks in. Create a VPC 
endpoint for Amazon S3. Update the S3 bucket policy to allow access from only the S3 VPC 
endpoint. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
363 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
The most comprehensive solution as it leverages VPC endpoints for both Amazon RDS and 
Amazon S3, along with proper network-level controls to restrict access to only the necessary 
resources from the ECS cluster. 
 
 
QUESTION 763 
A company has a web application that runs on premises. The application experiences latency 
issues during peak hours. The latency issues occur twice each month. At the start of a latency 
issue, the application's CPU utilization immediately increases to 10 times its normal amount. 
 
The company wants to migrate the application to AWS to improve latency. The company also 
wants to scale the application automatically when application demand increases. The company 
will use AWS Elastic Beanstalk for application deployment. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use burstable performance instances in unlimited 
mode. Configure the environment to scale based on requests. 
B. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use compute optimized instances. Configure the 
environment to scale based on requests. 
C. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use compute optimized instances. Configure the 
environment to scale on a schedule. 
D. Configure an Elastic Beanstalk environment to use burstable performance instances in unlimited 
mode. Configure the environment to scale on predictive metrics. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 764 
A company has customers located across the world. The company wants to use automation to 
secure its systems and network infrastructure. The company's security team must be able to track 
and audit all incremental changes to the infrastructure. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Organizations to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Config to track changes. 
B. Use AWS CloudFormation to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Config to track changes. 
C. Use AWS Organizations to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Service Catalog to track changes. 
D. Use AWS CloudFormation to set up the infrastructure. Use AWS Service Catalog to track 
changes. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 765 
A startup company is hosting a website for its customers on an Amazon EC2 instance. The 
website consists of a stateless Python application and a MySQL database. The website serves 
only a small amount of traffic. The company is concerned about the reliability of the instance and 
needs to migrate to a highly available architecture. The company cannot modify the application 
code. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to achieve high availability for the 
website? (Choose two.) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
364 
 
A. Provision an internet gateway in each Availability Zone in use. 
B. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS for MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. 
C. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB, and enable DynamoDB auto scaling. 
D. Use AWS DataSync to synchronize the database data across multiple EC2 instances. 
E. Create an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to an Auto Scaling group of EC2 
instances that are distributed across two Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 766 
A company is moving its data and applications to AWS during a multiyear migration project. The 
company wants to securely access data on Amazon S3 from the company's AWS Region and 
from the company's on-premises location. The data must not traverse the internet. The company 
has established an AWS Direct Connect connection between its Region and its on-premises 
location. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create gateway endpoints for Amazon S3. Use the gateway endpoints to securely access the 
data from the Region and the on-premises location. 
B. Create a gateway in AWS Transit Gateway to access Amazon S3 securely from the Region and 
the on-premises location. 
C. Create interface endpoints for Amazon S3. Use the interface endpoints to securely access the 
data from the Region and the on-premises location. 
D. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key to access the data securely from the 
Region and the on-premises location. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 767 
A company created a new organization in AWS Organizations. The organization has multiple 
accounts for the company's development teams. The development team members use AWS IAM 
Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) to access the accounts. For each of the company's 
applications, the development teams must use a predefined application name to tag resources 
that are created. 
 
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that gives the development team the ability to 
create resources only if the application name tag has an approved value. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an IAM group that has a conditional Allow policy that requires the application name tag to 
be specified for resources to be created. 
B. Create a cross-account role that has a Deny policy for any resource that has the application name 
tag. 
C. Create a resource group in AWS Resource Groups to validate that the tags are applied to all 
resources in all accounts. 
D. Create a tag policy in Organizations that has a list of allowed application names. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
365 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_tag-
policies.html 
 
 
QUESTION 768 
A company runs its databases on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company wants a secure 
solution to manage the master user password by rotating the password every 30 days. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon EventBridge to schedule a custom AWS Lambda function to rotate the password 
every 30 days. 
B. Use the modify-db-instance command in the AWS CLI to change the password. 
C. Integrate AWS Secrets Manager with Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL to automate password 
rotation. 
D. Integrate AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store with Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL to 
automate password rotation. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/rds-secrets-manager.html 
 
 
QUESTION 769 
A company performs tests on an application that uses an Amazon DynamoDB table. The tests 
run for 4 hours once a week. The company knows how many read and write operations the 
application performs to the table each second during the tests. The company does not currently 
use DynamoDB for any other use case. A solutions architect needs to optimize the costs for the 
table. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Choose on-demand mode. Update the read and write capacity units appropriately. 
B. Choose provisioned mode. Update the read and write capacity units appropriately. 
C. Purchase DynamoDB reserved capacity for a 1-year term. 
D. Purchase DynamoDB reserved capacity for a 3-year term. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
With provisioned capacity mode, you specify the number of reads and writes per second that you 
expect your application to require, and you are billed based on that. Furthermore if you can 
forecast your capacity requirements you can also reserve a portion of DynamoDB provisioned 
capacity and optimize your costs even further. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/serverless-applications-lens/capacity.html 
 
 
QUESTION 770 
A company runs its applications on Amazon EC2 instances. The company performs periodic 
financial assessments of its AWS costs. The company recently identified unusual spending. 
 
The company needs a solution to prevent unusual spending. The solution must monitor costs and 
notify responsible stakeholders in the event of unusual spending. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
366 
A. Use an AWS Budgets template to create a zero spend budget. 
B. Create an AWS Cost Anomaly Detection monitor in the AWS Billing and Cost Management 
console. 
C. Create AWS Pricing Calculator estimates for the current running workload pricing details. 
D. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor costs and to identify unusual spending. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Cost Anomaly Detection is designed to automatically detect unusual spending patterns 
based on machine learning algorithms. It can identify anomalies and send notifications when it 
detects unexpected changes in spending. This aligns well with the requirement to prevent 
unusual spending and notify stakeholders. 
https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-cost-anomaly-detection/ 
 
 
QUESTION 771 
A marketing company receives a large amount of new clickstream data in Amazon S3 from a 
marketing campaign. The company needs to analyze the clickstream data in Amazon S3 quickly. 
Then the company needs to determine whether to process the data further in the data pipeline. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create external tables in a Spark catalog. Configure jobs in AWS Glue to query the data. 
B. Configure an AWS Glue crawler to crawl the data. Configure Amazon Athena to query the data. 
C. Create external tables in a Hive metastore. Configure Spark jobs in Amazon EMR to query the 
data. 
D. Configure an AWS Glue crawler to crawl the data. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to 
use SQL to query the data. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS Glue is a fully managed extract, transform, and load (ETL) service, and Athena is a 
serverless query service that allows you to analyze data directly in Amazon S3 using SQL 
queries. By configuring an AWS Glue crawler to crawl the data, you can create a schema for the 
data, and then use Athena to query the data directly without the need to load it into a separate 
database. This minimizes operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 772 
A company runs an SMB file server in its data center. The file server stores large files that the 
company frequently accesses for up to 7 days after the file creation date. After 7 days, the 
company needs to be able to access the files with a maximum retrieval time of 24 hours. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS DataSync to copy data that is older than 7 days from the SMB file server to AWS. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway to increase the company's storage space. Create an S3 
Lifecycle policy to transition the data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 7 days. 
C. Create an Amazon FSx File Gateway to increase the company's storage space. Create an 
Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data after 7 days. 
D. Configure access to Amazon S3 for each user. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data 
to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 7 days. 
 
Answer: B 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
367 
Explanation: 
S3 file gateway supports SMB and S3 Glacier Deep Archive can retrieve data within 12 hours. 
https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/file/s3/ 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/prescriptive-guidance/latest/backup-recovery/amazon-s3-
glacier.html 
 
 
QUESTION 773 
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. The 
application uses a database that runs on an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. The 
application performs slowly when traffic increases. The database experiences a heavy read load 
during periods of high traffic. 
 
Which actions should a solutions architect take to resolve these performance issues? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Turn on auto scaling for the DB instance. 
B. Create a read replica for the DB instance. Configure the application to send read traffic to the 
read replica. 
C. Convert the DB instance to a Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. Configure the application to send 
read traffic to the standby DB instance. 
D. Create an Amazon ElastiCache cluster. Configure the application to cache query results in the 
ElastiCache cluster. 
E. Configure the Auto Scaling group subnets to ensure that the EC2 instances are provisioned in the 
same Availability Zone as the DB instance. 
 
Answer: BD 
Explanation: 
By creating a read replica, you offload read traffic from the primary DB instance to the replica, 
distributing the load and improving overall performance during periods of heavy read traffic. 
Amazon ElastiCache can be used to cache frequently accessed data, reducing the load on the 
database. This is particularly effective for read-heavy workloads, as it allows the application to 
retrieve data from the cache rather than making repeated database queries. 
 
 
QUESTION 774 
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volumes to run an application. The company creates one snapshot of each EBS volume every 
day to meet compliance requirements. The company wants to implement an architecture that 
prevents the accidental deletion of EBS volume snapshots. The solution must not change the 
administrative rights of the storage administrator user. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative effort? 
 
A. Create an IAM role that has permission to delete snapshots. Attach the role to a new EC2 
instance. Use the AWS CLI from the new EC2 instance to delete snapshots. 
B. Create an IAM policy that denies snapshot deletion. Attach the policy to the storage administrator 
user. 
C. Add tags to the snapshots. Create retention rules in Recycle Bin for EBS snapshots that have the 
tags. 
D. Lock the EBS snapshots to prevent deletion. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
368 
The "lock" feature in AWS allows you to prevent accidental deletion of resources, including EBS 
snapshots. This can be set at the snapshot level, providing a straightforward and effective way to 
meet the requirements without changing the administrative rights of the storage administrator 
user. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-snapshot-lock.html 
 
 
QUESTION 775 
A company's application uses Network Load Balancers, Auto Scaling groups, Amazon EC2 
instances, and databases that are deployed in an Amazon VPC. The company wants to capture 
information about traffic to and from the network interfaces in near real time in its Amazon VPC. 
The company wants to send the information to Amazon OpenSearch Service for analysis. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a log group in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Configure VPC Flow Logs to send the log data 
to the log group. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the logs from the log group to 
OpenSearch Service. 
B. Create a log group in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Configure VPC Flow Logs to send the log data 
to the log group. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the logs from the log group to 
OpenSearch Service. 
C. Create a trail in AWS CloudTrail. Configure VPC Flow Logs to send the log data to the trail. Use 
Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the logs from the trail to OpenSearch Service. 
D. Create a trail in AWS CloudTrail. Configure VPC Flow Logs to send the log data to the trail. Use 
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the logs from the trail to OpenSearch Service. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
VPC Flow Logs capture information about the IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in a 
VPC. By configuring VPC Flow Logs to send the log data to a log group in Amazon CloudWatch 
Logs, you can then use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the logs from the log group to 
Amazon OpenSearch Service for analysis. This approach provides near real-time streaming of 
logs to the analytics service. 
 
 
QUESTION 776 
A company is developing an application that will run on a production Amazon Elastic Kubernetes 
Service (Amazon EKS) cluster. The EKS cluster has managed node groups that are provisioned 
with On-Demand Instances. 
 
The company needs a dedicated EKS cluster for development work. The company will use the 
development cluster infrequently to test the resiliency of the application. The EKS cluster must 
manage all the nodes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a managed node group that contains only Spot Instances. 
B. Create two managed node groups. Provision one node group with On-Demand Instances. 
Provision the second node group with Spot Instances. 
C. Create an Auto Scaling group that has a launch configuration that uses Spot Instances. Configure 
the user data to add the nodes to the EKS cluster. 
D. Create a managed node group that contains only On-Demand Instances. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
369 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/amazon-eks-now-supports-provisioning-and-managing-
ec2-spot-instances-in-managed-node-groups/ 
 
 
QUESTION 777 
A company stores sensitive data in Amazon S3. A solutions architect needs to create an 
encryption solution. The company needs to fully control the ability of users to create, rotate, and 
disable encryption keys with minimal effort for any data that must be encrypted. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use default server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) to store 
the sensitive data. 
B. Create a customer managed key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Use the 
new key to encrypt the S3 objects by using server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-
KMS). 
C. Create an AWS managed key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Use the 
new key to encrypt the S3 objects by using server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-
KMS). 
D. Download S3 objects to an Amazon EC2 instance. Encrypt the objects by using customer 
managed keys. Upload the encrypted objects back into Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
This option allows you to create a customer managed key using AWS KMS. With a customer 
managed key, you have full control over key lifecycle management, including the ability to create, 
rotate, and disable keys with minimal effort. SSE-KMS also integrates with AWS Identity and 
Access Management (IAM) for fine-grained access control. 
 
 
QUESTION 778 
A company wants to back up its on-premises virtual machines (VMs) to AWS. The company's 
backup solution exports on-premises backups to an Amazon S3 bucket as objects. The S3 
backups must be retained for 30 days and must be automatically deleted after 30 days. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Create an S3 bucket that has S3 Object Lock enabled. 
B. Create an S3 bucket that has object versioning enabled. 
C. Configure a default retention period of 30 days for the objects. 
D. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to protect the objects for 30 days. 
E. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to expire the objects after 30 days. 
F. Configure the backup solution to tag the objects with a 30-day retention period 
 
Answer: ACE 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/batch-ops-retention-date.html 
 
 
QUESTION 779 
A solutions architect needs to copy files from an Amazon S3 bucket to an Amazon Elastic File 
System (Amazon EFS) file system and another S3 bucket. The files must be copied continuously. 
New files are added to the original S3 bucket consistently. The copied files should be overwritten 
only if the source file changes. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
370 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS DataSync location for both the destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. 
Create a task for the destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. Set the transfer mode to 
transfer only data that has changed. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function. Mount the file system to the function. Set up an S3 event 
notification to invoke the function when files are created and changed in Amazon S3. Configure 
the function to copy files to the file system and the destination S3 bucket. 
C. Create an AWS DataSync location for both the destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. 
Create a task for the destination S3 bucket and the EFS file system. Set the transfer mode to 
transfer all data. 
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in the same VPC as the file system. Mount the file system. 
Create a script to routinely synchronize all objects that changed in the origin S3 bucket to the 
destination S3 bucket and the mounted file system. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS DataSync is designed for efficient and reliable copying of data between different storage 
solutions. By setting up an AWS DataSync task with the transfer mode set to transfer only data 
that has changed, you ensure that only the new or modified files are copied. This minimizes data 
transfer and operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 780 
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and stores data on Amazon Elastic Block Store 
(Amazon EBS) volumes. The company must ensure that all data is encrypted at rest by using 
AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). The company must be able to control rotation of the 
encryption keys. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a customer managed key. Use the key to encrypt the EBS volumes. 
B. Use an AWS managed key to encrypt the EBS volumes. Use the key to configure automatic key 
rotation. 
C. Create an external KMS key with imported key material. Use the key to encrypt the EBS volumes. 
D. Use an AWS owned key to encrypt the EBS volumes. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 781 
A company needs a solution to enforce data encryption at rest on Amazon EC2 instances. The 
solution must automatically identify noncompliant resources and enforce compliance policies on 
findings. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Use an IAM policy that allows users to create only encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store 
(Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Config and AWS Systems Manager to automate the detection 
and remediation of unencrypted EBS volumes. 
B. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to manage access to encrypted Amazon Elastic 
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. Use AWS Lambda and Amazon EventBridge to automate 
the detection and remediation of unencrypted EBS volumes. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
371 
C. Use Amazon Macie to detect unencrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. 
Use AWS Systems Manager Automation rules to automatically encrypt existing and new EBS 
volumes. 
D. Use Amazon inspector to detect unencrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volumes. Use AWS Systems Manager Automation rules to automatically encrypt existing and new 
EBS volumes. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
By creating an IAM policy that allows users to create only encrypted EBS volumes, you 
proactively prevent the creation of unencrypted volumes. Using AWS Config, you can set up rules 
to detect noncompliant resources, and AWS Systems Manager Automation can be used for 
automated remediation. This approach provides a proactive and automated solution. 
 
 
QUESTION 782 
A company is migrating its multi-tier on-premises application to AWS. The application consists of 
a single-node MySQL database and a multi-node web tier. The company must minimize changes 
to the application during the migration. The company wants to improve application resiliency after 
the migration. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application 
Load Balancer. 
B. Migrate the database to Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind a Network Load 
Balancer. 
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment. 
D. Migrate the web tier to an AWS Lambda function. 
E. Migrate the database to an Amazon DynamoDB table. 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
Web Tier Migration (Option A): Migrating the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto 
Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) provides horizontal scalability, 
automatic scaling, and improved resiliency. Auto Scaling helps in managing and maintaining the 
desired number of EC2 instances based on demand, and the ALB distributes incoming traffic 
across multiple instances. 
Database Migration to Amazon RDS Multi-AZ (Option C): Migrating the database to Amazon RDS 
in a Multi-AZ deployment provides high availability and automatic failover. In a Multi-AZ 
deployment, Amazon RDS maintains a standby replica in a different Availability Zone, and in the 
event of a failure, it automatically promotes the replica to the primary instance. This enhances the 
resiliency of the database. 
 
 
QUESTION 783 
A company wants to migrate its web applications from on premises to AWS. The company is 
located close to the eu-central-1 Region. Because of regulations, the company cannot launch 
some of its applications in eu-central-1. The company wants to achieve single-digit millisecond 
latency. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the applications in eu-central-1. Extend the company's VPC from eu-central-1 to an edge 
location in Amazon CloudFront. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
372 
B. Deploy the applications in AWS Local Zones by extending the company's VPC from eu-central-1 
to the chosen Local Zone. 
C. Deploy the applications in eu-central-1. Extend the company's VPC from eu-central-1 to the 
regional edge caches in Amazon CloudFront. 
D. Deploy the applications in AWS Wavelength Zones by extending the company's VPC from eu-
central-1 to the chosen Wavelength Zone. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS Local Zones are a type of AWS infrastructure deployment that place compute, storage, 
database, and other select services closer to large population, industry, and IT centers, enabling 
you to deliver applications that require single-digit millisecond latency to end-users. 
 
 
QUESTION 784 
A company's ecommerce website has unpredictable traffic and uses AWS Lambda functions to 
directly access a private Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. The company wants to 
maintain predictable database performance and ensure that the Lambda invocations do not 
overload the database with too many connections. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Point the client driver at an RDS custom endpoint. Deploy the Lambda functions inside a VPC. 
B. Point the client driver at an RDS proxy endpoint. Deploy the Lambda functions inside a VPC. 
C. Point the client driver at an RDS custom endpoint. Deploy the Lambda functions outside a VPC. 
D. Point the client driver at an RDS proxy endpoint. Deploy the Lambda functions outside a VPC. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 785 
A company is creating an application. The company stores data from tests of the application in 
multiple on-premises locations. 
 
The company needs to connect the on-premises locations to VPCs in an AWS Region in the 
AWS Cloud. The number of accounts and VPCs will increase during the next year. The network 
architecture must simplify the administration of new connections and must provide the ability to 
scale. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Create a peering connection between the VPCs. Create a VPN connection between the VPCs 
and the on-premises locations. 
B. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance. On the instance, include VPN software that uses a VPN 
connection to connect all VPCs and on-premises locations. 
C. Create a transit gateway. Create VPC attachments for the VPC connections. Create VPN 
attachments for the on-premises connections. 
D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises locations and a central 
VPC. Connect the central VPC to other VPCs by using peering connections. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 786 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
373 
A company that uses AWS needs a solution to predict the resources needed for manufacturing 
processes each month. The solution must use historical values that are currently stored in an 
Amazon S3 bucket. The company has no machine learning (ML) experience and wants to use a 
managed service for the training and predictions. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Deploy an Amazon SageMaker model. Create a SageMaker endpoint for inference. 
B. Use Amazon SageMaker to train a model by using the historical data in the S3 bucket. 
C. Configure an AWS Lambda function with a function URL that uses Amazon SageMaker endpoints 
to create predictions based on the inputs. 
D. Configure an AWS Lambda function with a function URL that uses an Amazon Forecast predictor 
to create a prediction based on the inputs. 
E. Train an Amazon Forsecast predictor by using the historical data in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: BD 
 
 
QUESTION 787 
A company manages AWS accounts in AWS Organizations. AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS 
Single Sign-On) and AWS Control Tower are configured for the accounts. The company wants to 
manage multiple user permissions across all the accounts. 
 
The permissions will be used by multiple IAM users and must be split between the developer and 
administrator teams. Each team requires different permissions. The company wants a solution 
that includes new users that are hired on both teams. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center for each account. Create separate developer and 
administrator groups in IAM Identity Center. Assign the users to the appropriate groups. Create a 
custom IAM policy for each group to set fine-grained permissions. 
B. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center for each account. Create separate developer and 
administrator groups in IAM Identity Center. Assign the users to the appropriate groups. Attach 
AWS managed IAM policies to each user as needed for fine-grained permissions. 
C. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center. Create new developer and administrator groups in 
IAM Identity Center. Create new permission sets that include the appropriate IAM policies for 
each group. Assign the new groups to the appropriate accounts. Assign the new permission sets 
to the new groups. When new users are hired, add them to the appropriate group. 
D. Create individual users in IAM Identity Center. Create new permission sets that include the 
appropriate IAM policies for each user. Assign the users to the appropriate accounts. Grant 
additional IAM permissions to the users from within specific accounts. When new users are hired, 
add them to IAM Identity Center and assign them to the accounts. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/sso.html 
 
 
QUESTION 788 
A company wants to standardize its Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume 
encryption strategy. The company also wants to minimize the cost and configuration effort 
required to operate the volume encryption check. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
374 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Write API calls to describe the EBS volumes and to confirm the EBS volumes are encrypted. Use 
Amazon EventBridge to schedule an AWS Lambda function to run the API calls. 
B. Write API calls to describe the EBS volumes and to confirm the EBS volumes are encrypted. Run 
the API calls on an AWS Fargate task. 
C. Create an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy that requires the use of tags on 
EBS volumes. Use AWS Cost Explorer to display resources that are not properly tagged. Encrypt 
the untagged resources manually. 
D. Create an AWS Config rule for Amazon EBS to evaluate if a volume is encrypted and to flag the 
volume if it is not encrypted. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
You could use a managed rule to quickly start assessing whether your Amazon Elastic Block 
Store (Amazon EBS) volumes are encrypted or whether specific tags are applied to your 
resources. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evaluate-config_use-managed-
rules.html 
 
 
QUESTION 789 
A company regularly uploads GB-sized files to Amazon S3. After the company uploads the files, 
the company uses a fleet of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to transcode the file format. The 
company needs to scale throughput when the company uploads data from the on-premises data 
center to Amazon S3 and when the company downloads data from Amazon S3 to the EC2 
instances. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use the S3 bucket access point instead of accessing the S3 bucket directly. 
B. Upload the files into multiple S3 buckets. 
C. Use S3 multipart uploads. 
D. Fetch multiple byte-ranges of an object in parallel. 
E. Add a random prefix to each object when uploading the files. 
 
Answer: CD 
 
 
QUESTION 790 
A solutions architect is designing a shared storage solution for a web application that is deployed 
across multiple Availability Zones. The web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are in 
an Auto Scaling group. The company plans to make frequent changes to the content. The 
solution must have strong consistency in returning the new content as soon as the changes 
occur. 
 
Which solutions meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) 
block storage that is mounted to the individual EC2 instances. 
B. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system on 
the individual EC2 instances. 
C. Create a shared Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Mount the EBS volume on 
the individual EC2 instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
375 
D. Use AWS DataSync to perform continuous synchronization of data between EC2 hosts in the 
Auto Scaling group. 
E. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the web content. Set the metadata for the Cache-Control 
header to no-cache. Use Amazon CloudFront to deliver the content. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 791 
A company is deploying an application in three AWS Regions using an Application Load 
Balancer. Amazon Route 53 will be used to distribute traffic between these Regions. 
 
Which Route 53 configuration should a solutions architect use to provide the MOST high-
performing experience? 
 
A. Create an A record with a latency policy. 
B. Create an A record with a geolocation policy. 
C. Create a CNAME record with a failover policy. 
D. Create a CNAME record with a geoproximity policy. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
LBR (Latency Based Routing) is a new feature for Amazon Route 53 that helps you improve your 
applications performance for a global audience. You can run applications in multiple AWS 
regions and Amazon Route 53, using dozens of edge locations worldwide, will route end users to 
the AWS region that provides the lowest latency. 
https://aws.amazon.com/route53/faqs/ 
 
 
QUESTION 792 
A company has a web application that includes an embedded NoSQL database. The application 
runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The instances run in 
an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group in a single Availability Zone. 
 
A recent increase in traffic requires the application to be highly available and for the database to 
be eventually consistent. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer. Maintain the embedded NoSQL database with 
its replication service on the EC2 instances. 
B. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer. Migrate the embedded NoSQL database to 
Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). 
C. Modify the Auto Scaling group to use EC2 instances across three Availability Zones. Maintain the 
embedded NoSQL database with its replication service on the EC2 instances. 
D. Modify the Auto Scaling group to use EC2 instances across three Availability Zones. Migrate the 
embedded NoSQL database to Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database Migration Service 
(AWS DMS). 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 793 
A company is building a shopping application on AWS. The application offers a catalog that 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
376 
changes once each month and needs to scale with traffic volume. The company wants the lowest 
possible latency from the application. Data from each user's shopping cart needs to be highly 
available. User session data must be available even if the user is disconnected and reconnects. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to ensure that the shopping cart data is preserved at all 
times? 
 
A. Configure an Application Load Balancer to enable the sticky sessions feature (session affinity) for 
access to the catalog in Amazon Aurora. 
B. Configure Amazon ElastiCache for Redis to cache catalog data from Amazon DynamoDB and 
shopping cart data from the user's session. 
C. Configure Amazon OpenSearch Service to cache catalog data from Amazon DynamoDB and 
shopping cart data from the user's session. 
D. Configure an Amazon EC2 instance with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage for 
the catalog and shopping cart. Configure automated snapshots. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 794 
A company is building a microservices-based application that will be deployed on Amazon Elastic 
Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). The microservices will interact with each other. The company 
wants to ensure that the application is observable to identify performance issues in the future. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the application to use Amazon ElastiCache to reduce the number of requests that are 
sent to the microservices. 
B. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Container Insights to collect metrics from the EKS clusters. 
Configure AWS X-Ray to trace the requests between the microservices. 
C. Configure AWS CloudTrail to review the API calls. Build an Amazon QuickSight dashboard to 
observe the microservice interactions. 
D. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to understand the performance of the application. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudWatch Container Insights: This service provides monitoring and troubleshooting 
capabilities for containerized applications. It collects and aggregates metrics, logs, and events 
from Amazon EKS clusters and containers. This helps in monitoring the performance and health 
of microservices. 
 
 
QUESTION 795 
A company needs to provide customers with secure access to its data. The company processes 
customer data and stores the results in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
All the data is subject to strong regulations and security requirements. The data must be 
encrypted at rest. Each customer must be able to access only their data from their AWS account. 
Company employees must not be able to access the data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Provision an AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) certificate for each customer. Encrypt the data 
client-side. In the private certificate policy, deny access to the certificate for all principals except 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
377 
an IAM role that the customer provides. 
B. Provision a separate AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key for each customer. Encrypt 
the data server-side. In the S3 bucket policy, deny decryption of data for all principals except an 
IAM role that the customer provides. 
C. Provision a separate AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key for each customer. Encrypt 
the data server-side. In each KMS key policy, deny decryption of data for all principals except an 
IAM role that the customer provides. 
D. Provision an AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) certificate for each customer. Encrypt the data 
client-side. In the public certificate policy, deny access to the certificate for all principals except an 
IAM role that the customer provides. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 796 
A solutions architect creates a VPC that includes two public subnets and two private subnets. A 
corporate security mandate requires the solutions architect to launch all Amazon EC2 instances 
in a private subnet. However, when the solutions architect launches an EC2 instance that runs a 
web server on ports 80 and 443 in a private subnet, no external internet traffic can connect to the 
server. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to resolve this issue? 
 
A. Attach the EC2 instance to an Auto Scaling group in a private subnet. Ensure that the DNS record 
for the website resolves to the Auto Scaling group identifier. 
B. Provision an internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB) in a public subnet. Add the EC2 
instance to the target group that is associated with the ALEnsure that the DNS record for the 
website resolves to the ALB. 
C. Launch a NAT gateway in a private subnet. Update the route table for the private subnets to add 
a default route to the NAT gateway. Attach a public Elastic IP address to the NAT gateway. 
D. Ensure that the security group that is attached to the EC2 instance allows HTTP traffic on port 80 
and HTTPS traffic on port 443. Ensure that the DNS record for the website resolves to the public 
IP address of the EC2 instance. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 797 
A company is deploying a new application to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) 
with an AWS Fargate cluster. The application needs a storage solution for data persistence. The 
solution must be highly available and fault tolerant. The solution also must be shared between 
multiple application containers. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes in the same Availability Zones where 
EKS worker nodes are placed. Register the volumes in a StorageClass object on an EKS cluster. 
Use EBS Multi-Attach to share the data between containers. 
B. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Register the file system in a 
StorageClass object on an EKS cluster. Use the same file system for all containers. 
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Register the volume in a 
StorageClass object on an EKS cluster. Use the same volume for all containers. 
D. Create Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file systems in the same Availability Zones 
where EKS worker nodes are placed. Register the file systems in a StorageClass object on an 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
378 
EKS cluster. Create an AWS Lambda function to synchronize the data between file systems. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 798 
A company has an application that uses Docker containers in its local data center. The 
application runs on a container host that stores persistent data in a volume on the host. The 
container instances use the stored persistent data. 
 
The company wants to move the application to a fully managed service because the company 
does not want to manage any servers or storage infrastructure. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with self-managed nodes. Create an 
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume attached to an Amazon EC2 instance. Use 
the EBS volume as a persistent volume mounted in the containers. 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create 
an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Add the EFS volume as a persistent 
storage volume mounted in the containers. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create 
an Amazon S3 bucket. Map the S3 bucket as a persistent storage volume mounted in the 
containers. 
D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an Amazon EC2 launch type. Create 
an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Add the EFS volume as a persistent 
storage volume mounted in the containers. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Mounting S3 in Fargate is not supported commonly. You'd have to make it manually. EFS is very 
well supported with Fargate. 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/66391791/how-to-mount-s3-bucket-to-ecs-fargate-container 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/bestpracticesguide/storage.html 
 
 
QUESTION 799 
A gaming company wants to launch a new internet-facing application in multiple AWS Regions. 
The application will use the TCP and UDP protocols for communication. The company needs to 
provide high availability and minimum latency for global users. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Create internal Network Load Balancers in front of the application in each Region. 
B. Create external Application Load Balancers in front of the application in each Region. 
C. Create an AWS Global Accelerator accelerator to route traffic to the load balancers in each 
Region. 
D. Configure Amazon Route 53 to use a geolocation routing policy to distribute the traffic. 
E. Configure Amazon CloudFront to handle the traffic and route requests to the application in each 
Region 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
379 
When you add an internal Load Balancer or an Amazon EC2 instance endpoint in AWS Global 
Accelerator, you enable internet traffic to flow directly to and from the endpoint in Virtual Private 
Clouds (VPCs) by targeting it in a private subnet. The VPC that contains the load balancer or 
EC2 instance must have an internet gateway attached to it, to indicate that the VPC accepts 
internet traffic. However, you don't need public IP addresses on the load balancer or EC2 
instance. You also don't need an associated internet gateway route for the subnet. 
 
 
QUESTION 800 
A city has deployed a web application running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application 
Load Balancer (ALB). The application's users have reported sporadic performance, which 
appears to be related to DDoS attacks originating from random IP addresses. The city needs a 
solution that requires minimal configuration changes and provides an audit trail for the DDoS 
sources. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Enable an AWS WAF web ACL on the ALB, and configure rules to block traffic from unknown 
sources. 
B. Subscribe to Amazon Inspector. Engage the AWS DDoS Response Team (DRT) to integrate 
mitigating controls into the service. 
C. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Engage the AWS DDoS Response Team (DRT) to integrate 
mitigating controls into the service. 
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the application, and set the ALB as the origin. 
Enable an AWS WAF web ACL on the distribution, and configure rules to block traffic from 
unknown sources 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 801 
A company copies 200 TB of data from a recent ocean survey onto AWS Snowball Edge Storage 
Optimized devices. The company has a high performance computing (HPC) cluster that is hosted 
on AWS to look for oil and gas deposits. A solutions architect must provide the cluster with 
consistent sub-millisecond latency and high-throughput access to the data on the Snowball Edge 
Storage Optimized devices. The company is sending the devices back to AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Import the data into the S3 bucket. Configure an AWS Storage 
Gateway file gateway to use the S3 bucket. Access the file gateway from the HPC cluster 
instances. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Import the data into the S3 bucket. Configure an Amazon FSx for 
Lustre file system, and integrate it with the S3 bucket. Access the FSx for Lustre file system from 
the HPC cluster instances. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket and an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. 
Import the data into the S3 bucket. Copy the data from the S3 bucket to the EFS file system. 
Access the EFS file system from the HPC cluster instances. 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. Import the data directly into the FSx for Lustre file 
system. Access the FSx for Lustre file system from the HPC cluster instances. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 802 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
380 
A company has NFS servers in an on-premises data center that need to periodically back up 
small amounts of data to Amazon S3. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements and is MOST cost-effective? 
 
A. Set up AWS Glue to copy the data from the on-premises servers to Amazon S3. 
B. Set up an AWS DataSync agent on the on-premises servers, and sync the data to Amazon S3. 
C. Set up an SFTP sync using AWS Transfer for SFTP to sync data from on premises to Amazon 
S3. 
D. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises data center and a VPC, and 
copy the data to Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 803 
An online video game company must maintain ultra-low latency for its game servers. The game 
servers run on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs a solution that can handle millions of 
UDP internet traffic requests each second. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure an Application Load Balancer with the required protocol and ports for the internet 
traffic. Specify the EC2 instances as the targets. 
B. Configure a Gateway Load Balancer for the internet traffic. Specify the EC2 instances as the 
targets. 
C. Configure a Network Load Balancer with the required protocol and ports for the internet traffic. 
Specify the EC2 instances as the targets. 
D. Launch an identical set of game servers on EC2 instances in separate AWS Regions. Route 
internet traffic to both sets of EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html 
 
 
QUESTION 804 
A company runs a three-tier application in a VPC. The database tier uses an Amazon RDS for 
MySQL DB instance. 
 
The company plans to migrate the RDS for MySQL DB instance to an Amazon Aurora 
PostgreSQL DB cluster. The company needs a solution that replicates the data changes that 
happen during the migration to the new database. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) Schema Conversion to transform the 
database objects. 
B. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) Schema Conversion to create an Aurora 
PostgreSQL read replica on the RDS for MySQL DB instance. 
C. Configure an Aurora MySQL read replica for the RDS for MySQL DB instance. 
D. Define an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) task with change data capture (CDC) to 
migrate the data. 
E. Promote the Aurora PostgreSQL read replica to a standalone Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
381 
when the replica lag is zero. 
 
Answer: AD 
 
 
QUESTION 805 
A company hosts a database that runs on an Amazon RDS instance that is deployed to multiple 
Availability Zones. The company periodically runs a script against the database to report new 
entries that are added to the database. The script that runs against the database negatively 
affects the performance of a critical application. The company needs to improve application 
performance with minimal costs. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Add functionality to the script to identify the instance that has the fewest active connections. 
Configure the script to read from that instance to report the total new entries. 
B. Create a read replica of the database. Configure the script to query only the read replica to report 
the total new entries. 
C. Instruct the development team to manually export the new entries for the day in the database at 
the end of each day. 
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache the common queries that the script runs against the database. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 806 
A company is using an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to present its application to the internet. 
The company finds abnormal traffic access patterns across the application. A solutions architect 
needs to improve visibility into the infrastructure to help the company understand these 
abnormalities better. 
 
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create a table in Amazon Athena for AWS CloudTrail logs. Create a query for the relevant 
information. 
B. Enable ALB access logging to Amazon S3. Create a table in Amazon Athena, and query the logs. 
C. Enable ALB access logging to Amazon S3. Open each file in a text editor, and search each line 
for the relevant information. 
D. Use Amazon EMR on a dedicated Amazon EC2 instance to directly query the ALB to acquire 
traffic access log information. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 807 
A company wants to use NAT gateways in its AWS environment. The company's Amazon EC2 
instances in private subnets must be able to connect to the public internet through the NAT 
gateways. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create public NAT gateways in the same private subnets as the EC2 instances. 
B. Create private NAT gateways in the same private subnets as the EC2 instances. 
C. Create public NAT gateways in public subnets in the same VPCs as the EC2 instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
382 
D. Create private NAT gateways in public subnets in the same VPCs as the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Public NAT GW in Public Subnet to have access to internet. Private NAT GW is used for VPC or 
on-prem. 
 
 
QUESTION 808 
A company has an organization in AWS Organizations. The company runs Amazon EC2 
instances across four AWS accounts in the root organizational unit (OU). There are three 
nonproduction accounts and one production account. The company wants to prohibit users from 
launching EC2 instances of a certain size in the nonproduction accounts. The company has 
created a service control policy (SCP) to deny access to launch instances that use the prohibited 
types. 
 
Which solutions to deploy the SCP will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Attach the SCP to the root OU for the organization. 
B. Attach the SCP to the three nonproduction Organizations member accounts. 
C. Attach the SCP to the Organizations management account. 
D. Create an OU for the production account. Attach the SCP to the OU. Move the production 
member account into the new OU. 
E. Create an OU for the required accounts. Attach the SCP to the OU. Move the nonproduction 
member accounts into the new OU. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 809 
A company's website hosted on Amazon EC2 instances processes classified data stored in 
Amazon S3. Due to security concerns, the company requires a private and secure connection 
between its EC2 resources and Amazon S3. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Set up S3 bucket policies to allow access from a VPC endpoint. 
B. Set up an IAM policy to grant read-write access to the S3 bucket. 
C. Set up a NAT gateway to access resources outside the private subnet. 
D. Set up an access key ID and a secret access key to access the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
A VPC endpoint enables customers to privately connect to supported AWS services. 
 
 
QUESTION 810 
An ecommerce company runs its application on AWS. The application uses an Amazon Aurora 
PostgreSQL cluster in Multi-AZ mode for the underlying database. During a recent promotional 
campaign, the application experienced heavy read load and write load. Users experienced 
timeout issues when they attempted to access the application. 
 
A solutions architect needs to make the application architecture more scalable and highly 
available. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
383 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST downtime? 
 
A. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that has the Aurora cluster as a source. Create an AWS 
Lambda function to log the state change events of the Aurora cluster. Add the Lambda function 
as a target for the EventBridge rule. Add additional reader nodes to fail over to. 
B. Modify the Aurora cluster and activate the zero-downtime restart (ZDR) feature. Use Database 
Activity Streams on the cluster to track the cluster status. 
C. Add additional reader instances to the Aurora cluster. Create an Amazon RDS Proxy target group 
for the Aurora cluster. 
D. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cache. Replicate data from the Aurora cluster to Redis 
by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with a write-around approach. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 811 
A company is designing a web application on AWS. The application will use a VPN connection 
between the company's existing data centers and the company's VPCs. 
 
The company uses Amazon Route 53 as its DNS service. The application must use private DNS 
records to communicate with the on-premises services from a VPC. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure manner? 
 
A. Create a Route 53 Resolver outbound endpoint. Create a resolver rule. Associate the resolver 
rule with the VPC. 
B. Create a Route 53 Resolver inbound endpoint. Create a resolver rule. Associate the resolver rule 
with the VPC. 
C. Create a Route 53 private hosted zone. Associate the private hosted zone with the VPC. 
D. Create a Route 53 public hosted zone. Create a record for each service to allow service 
communication 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 812 
A company is running a photo hosting service in the us-east-1 Region. The service enables users 
across multiple countries to upload and view photos. Some photos are heavily viewed for months, 
and others are viewed for less than a week. The application allows uploads of up to 20 MB for 
each photo. The service uses the photo metadata to determine which photos to display to each 
user. 
 
Which solution provides the appropriate user access MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Store the photos in Amazon DynamoDB. Turn on DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to cache 
frequently viewed items. 
B. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Store the photo metadata 
and its S3 location in DynamoDB. 
C. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to move 
photos older than 30 days to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. 
Use the object tags to keep track of metadata. 
D. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Glacier storage class. Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to move 
photos older than 30 days to the S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class. Store the photo 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
384 
metadata and its S3 location in Amazon OpenSearch Service. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 813 
A company runs a highly available web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an 
Application Load Balancer. The company uses Amazon CloudWatch metrics. 
 
As the traffic to the web application increases, some EC2 instances become overloaded with 
many outstanding requests. The CloudWatch metrics show that the number of requests 
processed and the time to receive the responses from some EC2 instances are both higher 
compared to other EC2 instances. The company does not want new requests to be forwarded to 
the EC2 instances that are already overloaded. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use the round robin routing algorithm based on the RequestCountPerTarget and 
ActiveConnectionCount CloudWatch metrics. 
B. Use the least outstanding requests algorithm based on the RequestCountPerTarget and 
ActiveConnectionCount CloudWatch metrics. 
C. Use the round robin routing algorithm based on the RequestCount and TargetResponseTime 
CloudWatch metrics. 
D. Use the least outstanding requests algorithm based on the RequestCount and 
TargetResponseTime CloudWatch metrics. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 814 
A company uses Amazon EC2, AWS Fargate, and AWS Lambda to run multiple workloads in the 
company's AWS account. The company wants to fully make use of its Compute Savings Plans. 
The company wants to receive notification when coverage of the Compute Savings Plans drops. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create a daily budget for the Savings Plans by using AWS Budgets. Configure the budget with a 
coverage threshold to send notifications to the appropriate email message recipients. 
B. Create a Lambda function that runs a coverage report against the Savings Plans. Use Amazon 
Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to email the report to the appropriate email message 
recipients. 
C. Create an AWS Budgets report for the Savings Plans budget. Set the frequency to daily. 
D. Create a Savings Plans alert subscription. Enable all notification options. Enter an email address 
to receive notifications. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/latest/userguide/sp-usingBudgets.html 
 
 
QUESTION 815 
A company runs a real-time data ingestion solution on AWS. The solution consists of the most 
recent version of Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK). The solution is 
deployed in a VPC in private subnets across three Availability Zones. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
385 
 
A solutions architect needs to redesign the data ingestion solution to be publicly available over 
the internet. The data in transit must also be encrypted. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Configure public subnets in the existing VPC. Deploy an MSK cluster in the public subnets. 
Update the MSK cluster security settings to enable mutual TLS authentication. 
B. Create a new VPC that has public subnets. Deploy an MSK cluster in the public subnets. Update 
the MSK cluster security settings to enable mutual TLS authentication. 
C. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) that uses private subnets. Configure an ALB security 
group inbound rule to allow inbound traffic from the VPC CIDR block for HTTPS protocol. 
D. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) that uses private subnets. Configure an NLB listener for 
HTTPS communication over the internet. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 816 
A company wants to migrate an on-premises legacy application to AWS. The application ingests 
customer order files from an on-premises enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. The 
application then uploads the files to an SFTP server. The application uses a scheduled job that 
checks for order files every hour. 
 
The company already has an AWS account that has connectivity to the on-premises network. The 
new application on AWS must support integration with the existing ERP system. The new 
application must be secure and resilient and must use the SFTP protocol to process orders from 
the ERP system immediately. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP internet-facing server in two Availability Zones. Use 
Amazon S3 storage. Create an AWS Lambda function to process order files. Use S3 Event 
Notifications to send s3:ObjectCreated:* events to the Lambda function. 
B. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP internet-facing server in one Availability Zone. Use 
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) storage. Create an AWS Lambda function to process 
order files. Use a Transfer Family managed workflow to invoke the Lambda function. 
C. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP internal server in two Availability Zones. Use Amazon 
Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) storage. Create an AWS Step Functions state machine to 
process order files. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to invoke the state machine to 
periodically check Amazon EFS for order files. 
D. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP internal server in two Availability Zones. Use Amazon S3 
storage. Create an AWS Lambda function to process order files. Use a Transfer Family managed 
workflow to invoke the Lambda function. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 817 
A company's applications use Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark to process data on premises. 
The existing infrastructure is not scalable and is complex to manage. 
 
A solutions architect must design a scalable solution that reduces operational complexity. The 
solution must keep the data processing on premises. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
386 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Site-to-Site VPN to access the on-premises Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) 
data and application. Use an Amazon EMR cluster to process the data. 
B. Use AWS DataSync to connect to the on-premises Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) 
cluster. Create an Amazon EMR cluster to process the data. 
C. Migrate the Apache Hadoop application and the Apache Spark application to Amazon EMR 
clusters on AWS Outposts. Use the EMR clusters to process the data. 
D. Use an AWS Snowball device to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an Amazon 
EMR cluster to process the data. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 818 
A company is migrating a large amount of data from on-premises storage to AWS. Windows, 
Mac, and Linux based Amazon EC2 instances in the same AWS Region will access the data by 
using SMB and NFS storage protocols. The company will access a portion of the data routinely. 
The company will access the remaining data infrequently. 
 
The company needs to design a solution to host the data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume that uses EFS Intelligent-Tiering. 
Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to the EFS volume. 
B. Create an Amazon FSx for ONTAP instance. Create an FSx for ONTAP file system with a root 
volume that uses the auto tiering policy. Migrate the data to the FSx for ONTAP volume. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that uses S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket 
by using an AWS Storage Gateway Amazon S3 File Gateway. 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for OpenZFS file system. Migrate the data to the new volume. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 819 
A manufacturing company runs its report generation application on AWS. The application 
generates each report in about 20 minutes. The application is built as a monolith that runs on a 
single Amazon EC2 instance. The application requires frequent updates to its tightly coupled 
modules. The application becomes complex to maintain as the company adds new features. 
 
Each time the company patches a software module, the application experiences downtime. 
Report generation must restart from the beginning after any interruptions. The company wants to 
redesign the application so that the application can be flexible, scalable, and gradually improved. 
The company wants to minimize application downtime. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Run the application on AWS Lambda as a single function with maximum provisioned 
concurrency. 
B. Run the application on Amazon EC2 Spot Instances as microservices with a Spot Fleet default 
allocation strategy. 
C. Run the application on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) as microservices with 
service auto scaling. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
387 
D. Run the application on AWS Elastic Beanstalk as a single application environment with an all-at-
once deployment strategy. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 820 
A company wants to rearchitect a large-scale web application to a serverless microservices 
architecture. The application uses Amazon EC2 instances and is written in Python. 
 
The company selected one component of the web application to test as a microservice. The 
component supports hundreds of requests each second. The company wants to create and test 
the microservice on an AWS solution that supports Python. The solution must also scale 
automatically and require minimal infrastructure and minimal operational support. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use a Spot Fleet with auto scaling of EC2 instances that run the most recent Amazon Linux 
operating system. 
B. Use an AWS Elastic Beanstalk web server environment that has high availability configured. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Launch Auto Scaling groups of self-
managed EC2 instances. 
D. Use an AWS Lambda function that runs custom developed code. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 821 
A company has an AWS Direct Connect connection from its on-premises location to an AWS 
account. The AWS account has 30 different VPCs in the same AWS Region. The VPCs use 
private virtual interfaces (VIFs). Each VPC has a CIDR block that does not overlap with other 
networks under the company's control. 
 
The company wants to centrally manage the networking architecture while still allowing each VPC 
to communicate with all other VPCs and on-premises networks. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a transit gateway, and associate the Direct Connect connection with a new transit VIF. 
Turn on the transit gateway's route propagation feature. 
B. Create a Direct Connect gateway. Recreate the private VIFs to use the new gateway. Associate 
each VPC by creating new virtual private gateways. 
C. Create a transit VPConnect the Direct Connect connection to the transit VPCreate a peering 
connection between all other VPCs in the Region. Update the route tables. 
D. Create AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections from on premises to each VPC. Ensure that both VPN 
tunnels are UP for each connection. Turn on the route propagation feature. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 822 
A company has applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances connect to 
Amazon RDS databases by using an IAM role that has associated policies. The company wants 
to use AWS Systems Manager to patch the EC2 instances without disrupting the running 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
388 
applications. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a new IAM role. Attach the AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore policy to the new IAM role. 
Attach the new IAM role to the EC2 instances and the existing IAM role. 
B. Create an IAM user. Attach the AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore policy to the IAM user. 
Configure Systems Manager to use the IAM user to manage the EC2 instances. 
C. Enable Default Host Configuration Management in Systems Manager to manage the EC2 
instances. 
D. Remove the existing policies from the existing IAM role. Add the 
AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore policy to the existing IAM role. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 823 
A company runs container applications by using Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon 
EKS) and the Kubernetes Horizontal Pod Autoscaler. The workload is not consistent throughout 
the day. A solutions architect notices that the number of nodes does not automatically scale out 
when the existing nodes have reached maximum capacity in the cluster, which causes 
performance issues. 
 
Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Scale out the nodes by tracking the memory usage. 
B. Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to manage the number of nodes in the cluster. 
C. Use an AWS Lambda function to resize the EKS cluster automatically. 
D. Use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to distribute the workload. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 824 
A company maintains about 300 TB in Amazon S3 Standard storage month after month. The S3 
objects are each typically around 50 GB in size and are frequently replaced with multipart uploads 
by their global application. The number and size of S3 objects remain constant, but the 
company's S3 storage costs are increasing each month. 
 
How should a solutions architect reduce costs in this situation? 
 
A. Switch from multipart uploads to Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration. 
B. Enable an S3 Lifecycle policy that deletes incomplete multipart uploads. 
C. Configure S3 inventory to prevent objects from being archived too quickly. 
D. Configure Amazon CloudFront to reduce the number of objects stored in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 825 
A company has deployed a multiplayer game for mobile devices. The game requires live location 
tracking of players based on latitude and longitude. The data store for the game must support 
rapid updates and retrieval of locations. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
389 
The game uses an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance with read replicas to store the 
location data. During peak usage periods, the database is unable to maintain the performance 
that is needed for reading and writing updates. The game's user base is increasing rapidly. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to improve the performance of the data tier? 
 
A. Take a snapshot of the existing DB instance. Restore the snapshot with Multi-AZ enabled. 
B. Migrate from Amazon RDS to Amazon OpenSearch Service with OpenSearch Dashboards. 
C. Deploy Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) in front of the existing DB instance. Modify the 
game to use DAX. 
D. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster in front of the existing DB instance. Modify the 
game to use Redis. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 826 
A company stores critical data in Amazon DynamoDB tables in the company's AWS account. An 
IT administrator accidentally deleted a DynamoDB table. The deletion caused a significant loss of 
data and disrupted the company's operations. The company wants to prevent this type of 
disruption in the future. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure a trail in AWS CloudTrail. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule for delete actions. 
Create an AWS Lambda function to automatically restore deleted DynamoDB tables. 
B. Create a backup and restore plan for the DynamoDB tables. Recover the DynamoDB tables 
manually. 
C. Configure deletion protection on the DynamoDB tables. 
D. Enable point-in-time recovery on the DynamoDB tables. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 827 
A company has an on-premises data center that is running out of storage capacity. The company 
wants to migrate its storage infrastructure to AWS while minimizing bandwidth costs. The solution 
must allow for immediate retrieval of data at no additional cost. 
 
How can these requirements be met? 
 
A. Deploy Amazon S3 Glacier Vault and enable expedited retrieval. Enable provisioned retrieval 
capacity for the workload. 
B. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using cached volumes. Use Storage Gateway to store data in 
Amazon S3 while retaining copies of frequently accessed data subsets locally. 
C. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway using stored volumes to store data locally. Use Storage Gateway 
to asynchronously back up point-in-time snapshots of the data to Amazon S3. 
D. Deploy AWS Direct Connect to connect with the on-premises data center. Configure AWS 
Storage Gateway to store data locally. Use Storage Gateway to asynchronously back up point-in-
time snapshots of the data to Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
390 
QUESTION 828 
A company runs a three-tier web application in a VPC across multiple Availability Zones. Amazon 
EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group for the application tier. 
 
The company needs to make an automated scaling plan that will analyze each resource's daily 
and weekly historical workload trends. The configuration must scale resources appropriately 
according to both the forecast and live changes in utilization. 
 
Which scaling strategy should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Implement dynamic scaling with step scaling based on average CPU utilization from the EC2 
instances. 
B. Enable predictive scaling to forecast and scale. Configure dynamic scaling with target tracking 
C. Create an automated scheduled scaling action based on the traffic patterns of the web 
application. 
D. Set up a simple scaling policy. Increase the cooldown period based on the EC2 instance startup 
time. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 829 
A package delivery company has an application that uses Amazon EC2 instances and an 
Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster. As the application becomes more popular, EC2 instance 
usage increases only slightly. DB cluster usage increases at a much faster rate. 
 
The company adds a read replica, which reduces the DB cluster usage for a short period of time. 
However, the load continues to increase. The operations that cause the increase in DB cluster 
usage are all repeated read statements that are related to delivery details. The company needs to 
alleviate the effect of repeated reads on the DB cluster. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Implement an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster between the application and the DB cluster. 
B. Add an additional read replica to the DB cluster. 
C. Configure Aurora Auto Scaling for the Aurora read replicas. 
D. Modify the DB cluster to have multiple writer instances. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 830 
A company has an application that uses an Amazon DynamoDB table for storage. A solutions 
architect discovers that many requests to the table are not returning the latest data. The 
company's users have not reported any other issues with database performance. Latency is in an 
acceptable range. 
 
Which design change should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Add read replicas to the table. 
B. Use a global secondary index (GSI). 
C. Request strongly consistent reads for the table. 
D. Request eventually consistent reads for the table. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
391 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 831 
A company has deployed its application on Amazon EC2 instances with an Amazon RDS 
database. The company used the principle of least privilege to configure the database access 
credentials. The company's security team wants to protect the application and the database from 
SQL injection and other web-based attacks. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use security groups and network ACLs to secure the database and application servers. 
B. Use AWS WAF to protect the application. Use RDS parameter groups to configure the security 
settings. 
C. Use AWS Network Firewall to protect the application and the database. 
D. Use different database accounts in the application code for different functions. Avoid granting 
excessive privileges to the database users. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 832 
An ecommerce company runs applications in AWS accounts that are part of an organization in 
AWS Organizations. The applications run on Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL databases across all 
the accounts. The company needs to prevent malicious activity and must identify abnormal failed 
and incomplete login attempts to the databases. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 
A. Attach service control policies (SCPs) to the root of the organization to identity the failed login 
attempts. 
B. Enable the Amazon RDS Protection feature in Amazon GuardDuty for the member accounts of 
the organization. 
C. Publish the Aurora general logs to a log group in Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Export the log data 
to a central Amazon S3 bucket. 
D. Publish all the Aurora PostgreSQL database events in AWS CloudTrail to a central Amazon S3 
bucket. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 833 
A company has an AWS Direct Connect connection from its corporate data center to its VPC in 
the us-east-1 Region. The company recently acquired a corporation that has several VPCs and a 
Direct Connect connection between its on-premises data center and the eu-west-2 Region. The 
CIDR blocks for the VPCs of the company and the corporation do not overlap. The company 
requires connectivity between two Regions and the data centers. The company needs a solution 
that is scalable while reducing operational overhead. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up inter-Region VPC peering between the VPC in us-east-1 and the VPCs in eu-west-2. 
B. Create private virtual interfaces from the Direct Connect connection in us-east-1 to the VPCs in 
eu-west-2. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
392 
C. Establish VPN appliances in a fully meshed VPN network hosted by Amazon EC2. Use AWS 
VPN CloudHub to send and receive data between the data centers and each VPC. 
D. Connect the existing Direct Connect connection to a Direct Connect gateway. Route traffic from 
the virtual private gateways of the VPCs in each Region to the Direct Connect gateway. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 834 
A company is developing a mobile game that streams score updates to a backend processor and 
then posts results on a leaderboard. A solutions architect needs to design a solution that can 
handle large traffic spikes, process the mobile game updates in order of receipt, and store the 
processed updates in a highly available database. The company also wants to minimize the 
management overhead required to maintain the solution. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Process the updates in Kinesis Data 
Streams with AWS Lambda. Store the processed updates in Amazon DynamoDB. 
B. Push score updates to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Process the updates with a fleet of 
Amazon EC2 instances set up for Auto Scaling. Store the processed updates in Amazon 
Redshift. 
C. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe an 
AWS Lambda function to the SNS topic to process the updates. Store the processed updates in a 
SQL database running on Amazon EC2. 
D. Push score updates to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use a fleet of 
Amazon EC2 instances with Auto Scaling to process the updates in the SQS queue. Store the 
processed updates in an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 835 
A company has multiple AWS accounts with applications deployed in the us-west-2 Region. 
Application logs are stored within Amazon S3 buckets in each account. The company wants to 
build a centralized log analysis solution that uses a single S3 bucket. Logs must not leave us-
west-2, and the company wants to incur minimal operational overhead. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements and is MOST cost-effective? 
 
A. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy that copies the objects from one of the application S3 buckets to the 
centralized S3 bucket. 
B. Use S3 Same-Region Replication to replicate logs from the S3 buckets to another S3 bucket in 
us-west-2. Use this S3 bucket for log analysis. 
C. Write a script that uses the PutObject API operation every day to copy the entire contents of the 
buckets to another S3 bucket in us-west-2. Use this S3 bucket for log analysis. 
D. Write AWS Lambda functions in these accounts that are triggered every time logs are delivered to 
the S3 buckets (s3:ObjectCreated:* event). Copy the logs to another S3 bucket in us-west-2. Use 
this S3 bucket for log analysis. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 836 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
393 
A company has an application that delivers on-demand training videos to students around the 
world. The application also allows authorized content developers to upload videos. The data is 
stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-2 Region. 
 
The company has created an S3 bucket in the eu-west-2 Region and an S3 bucket in the ap-
southeast-1 Region. The company wants to replicate the data to the new S3 buckets. The 
company needs to minimize latency for developers who upload videos and students who stream 
videos near eu-west-2 and ap-southeast-1. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the 
application? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the eu-west-2 S3 bucket. 
Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the ap-southeast-1 S3 bucket. 
B. Configure one-way replication from the us-east-2 S3 bucket to the eu-west-2 S3 bucket. 
Configure one-way replication from the eu-west-2 S3 bucket to the ap-southeast-1 S3 bucket. 
C. Configure two-way (bidirectional) replication among the S3 buckets that are in all three Regions. 
D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point. Modify the application to use the Amazon Resource 
Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point for video streaming. Do not modify the application 
for video uploads. 
E. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point. Modify the application to use the Amazon Resource 
Name (ARN) of the Multi-Region Access Point for video streaming and uploads. 
 
Answer: CE 
 
 
QUESTION 837 
A company has a new mobile app. Anywhere in the world, users can see local news on topics 
they choose. Users also can post photos and videos from inside the app. 
 
Users access content often in the first minutes after the content is posted. New content quickly 
replaces older content, and then the older content disappears. The local nature of the news 
means that users consume 90% of the content within the AWS Region where it is uploaded. 
 
Which solution will optimize the user experience by providing the LOWEST latency for content 
uploads? 
 
A. Upload and store content in Amazon S3. Use Amazon CloudFront for the uploads. 
B. Upload and store content in Amazon S3. Use S3 Transfer Acceleration for the uploads. 
C. Upload content to Amazon EC2 instances in the Region that is closest to the user. Copy the data 
to Amazon S3. 
D. Upload and store content in Amazon S3 in the Region that is closest to the user. Use multiple 
distributions of Amazon CloudFront. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 838 
A company is building a new application that uses serverless architecture. The architecture will 
consist of an Amazon API Gateway REST API and AWS Lambda functions to manage incoming 
requests. 
 
The company wants to add a service that can send messages received from the API Gateway 
REST API to multiple target Lambda functions for processing. The service must offer message 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
394 
filtering that gives the target Lambda functions the ability to receive only the messages the 
functions need. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Send the requests from the API Gateway REST API to an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues to the 
SNS topic. Configure the target Lambda functions to poll the different SQS queues. 
B. Send the requests from the API Gateway REST API to Amazon EventBridge. Configure 
EventBridge to invoke the target Lambda functions. 
C. Send the requests from the API Gateway REST API to Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache 
Kafka (Amazon MSK). Configure Amazon MSK to publish the messages to the target Lambda 
functions. 
D. Send the requests from the API Gateway REST API to multiple Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) queues. Configure the target Lambda functions to poll the different SQS queues. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 839 
A company migrated millions of archival files to Amazon S3. A solutions architect needs to 
implement a solution that will encrypt all the archival data by using a customer-provided key. The 
solution must encrypt existing unencrypted objects and future objects. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a list of unencrypted objects by filtering an Amazon S3 Inventory report. Configure an S3 
Batch Operations job to encrypt the objects from the list with a server-side encryption with a 
customer-provided key (SSE-C). Configure the S3 default encryption feature to use a server-side 
encryption with a customer-provided key (SSE-C). 
B. Use S3 Storage Lens metrics to identify unencrypted S3 buckets. Configure the S3 default 
encryption feature to use a server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). 
C. Create a list of unencrypted objects by filtering the AWS usage report for Amazon S3. Configure 
an AWS Batch job to encrypt the objects from the list with a server-side encryption with AWS 
KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Configure the S3 default encryption feature to use a server-side 
encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). 
D. Create a list of unencrypted objects by filtering the AWS usage report for Amazon S3. Configure 
the S3 default encryption feature to use a server-side encryption with a customer-provided key 
(SSE-C). 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/encrypting-objects-with-amazon-s3-batch-operations/ 
 
 
QUESTION 840 
The DNS provider that hosts a company's domain name records is experiencing outages that 
cause service disruption for a website running on AWS. The company needs to migrate to a more 
resilient managed DNS service and wants the service to run on AWS. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to rapidly migrate the DNS hosting service? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Route 53 public hosted zone for the domain name. Import the zone file 
containing the domain records hosted by the previous provider. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
395 
B. Create an Amazon Route 53 private hosted zone for the domain name. Import the zone file 
containing the domain records hosted by the previous provider. 
C. Create a Simple AD directory in AWS. Enable zone transfer between the DNS provider and AWS 
Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for the domain records. 
D. Create an Amazon Route 53 Resolver inbound endpoint in the VPC. Specify the IP addresses 
that the provider's DNS will forward DNS queries to. Configure the provider's DNS to forward 
DNS queries for the domain to the IP addresses that are specified in the inbound endpoint. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 841 
A company is building an application on AWS that connects to an Amazon RDS database. The 
company wants to manage the application configuration and to securely store and retrieve 
credentials for the database and other services. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS AppConfig to store and manage the application configuration. Use AWS Secrets 
Manager to store and retrieve the credentials. 
B. Use AWS Lambda to store and manage the application configuration. Use AWS Systems 
Manager Parameter Store to store and retrieve the credentials. 
C. Use an encrypted application configuration file. Store the file in Amazon S3 for the application 
configuration. Create another S3 file to store and retrieve the credentials. 
D. Use AWS AppConfig to store and manage the application configuration. Use Amazon RDS to 
store and retrieve the credentials. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 842 
To meet security requirements, a company needs to encrypt all of its application data in transit 
while communicating with an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. A recent security audit revealed 
that encryption at rest is enabled using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS), but data in 
transit is not enabled. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to satisfy the security requirements? 
 
A. Enable IAM database authentication on the database. 
B. Provide self-signed certificates. Use the certificates in all connections to the RDS instance. 
C. Take a snapshot of the RDS instance. Restore the snapshot to a new instance with encryption 
enabled. 
D. Download AWS-provided root certificates. Provide the certificates in all connections to the RDS 
instance. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 843 
A company is designing a new web service that will run on Amazon EC2 instances behind an 
Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer. However, many of the web service clients can only 
reach IP addresses authorized on their firewalls. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet the clients' needs? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
396 
 
A. A Network Load Balancer with an associated Elastic IP address. 
B. An Application Load Balancer with an associated Elastic IP address. 
C. An A record in an Amazon Route 53 hosted zone pointing to an Elastic IP address. 
D. An EC2 instance with a public IP address running as a proxy in front of the load balancer. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 844 
A company has established a new AWS account. The account is newly provisioned and no 
changes have been made to the default settings. The company is concerned about the security of 
the AWS account root user. 
 
What should be done to secure the root user? 
 
A. Create IAM users for daily administrative tasks. Disable the root user. 
B. Create IAM users for daily administrative tasks. Enable multi-factor authentication on the root 
user. 
C. Generate an access key for the root user. Use the access key for daily administration tasks 
instead of the AWS Management Console. 
D. Provide the root user credentials to the most senior solutions architect. Have the solutions 
architect use the root user for daily administration tasks. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 845 
A company is deploying an application that processes streaming data in near-real time. The 
company plans to use Amazon EC2 instances for the workload. The network architecture must be 
configurable to provide the lowest possible latency between nodes. 
 
Which combination of network solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Enable and configure enhanced networking on each EC2 instance. 
B. Group the EC2 instances in separate accounts. 
C. Run the EC2 instances in a cluster placement group. 
D. Attach multiple elastic network interfaces to each EC2 instance. 
E. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) optimized instance types. 
 
Answer: AC 
 
 
QUESTION 846 
A financial services company wants to shut down two data centers and migrate more than 100 TB 
of data to AWS. The data has an intricate directory structure with millions of small files stored in 
deep hierarchies of subfolders. Most of the data is unstructured, and the company's file storage 
consists of SMB-based storage types from multiple vendors. The company does not want to 
change its applications to access the data after migration. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational 
overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Direct Connect to migrate the data to Amazon S3. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
397 
B. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon FSx for Lustre. 
C. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. 
D. Use AWS Direct Connect to migrate the data on-premises file storage to an AWS Storage 
Gateway volume gateway. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 847 
A company uses an organization in AWS Organizations to manage AWS accounts that contain 
applications. The company sets up a dedicated monitoring member account in the organization. 
The company wants to query and visualize observability data across the accounts by using 
Amazon CloudWatch. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable CloudWatch cross-account observability for the monitoring account. Deploy an AWS 
CloudFormation template provided by the monitoring account in each AWS account to share the 
data with the monitoring account. 
B. Set up service control policies (SCPs) to provide access to CloudWatch in the monitoring account 
under the Organizations root organizational unit (OU). 
C. Configure a new IAM user in the monitoring account. In each AWS account, configure an IAM 
policy to have access to query and visualize the CloudWatch data in the account. Attach the new 
IAM policy to the new IAM user. 
D. Create a new IAM user in the monitoring account. Create cross-account IAM policies in each 
AWS account. Attach the IAM policies to the new IAM user. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 848 
A company's website is used to sell products to the public. The site runs on Amazon EC2 
instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). There is also an 
Amazon CloudFront distribution, and AWS WAF is being used to protect against SQL injection 
attacks. The ALB is the origin for the CloudFront distribution. A recent review of security logs 
revealed an external malicious IP that needs to be blocked from accessing the website. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to protect the application? 
 
A. Modify the network ACL on the CloudFront distribution to add a deny rule for the malicious IP 
address. 
B. Modify the configuration of AWS WAF to add an IP match condition to block the malicious IP 
address. 
C. Modify the network ACL for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to deny the 
malicious IP address. 
D. Modify the security groups for the EC2 instances in the target groups behind the ALB to deny the 
malicious IP address. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 849 
A company sets up an organization in AWS Organizations that contains 10 AWS accounts. A 
solutions architect must design a solution to provide access to the accounts for several thousand 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
398 
employees. The company has an existing identity provider (IdP). The company wants to use the 
existing IdP for authentication to AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create IAM users for the employees in the required AWS accounts. Connect IAM users to the 
existing IdP. Configure federated authentication for the IAM users. 
B. Set up AWS account root users with user email addresses and passwords that are synchronized 
from the existing IdP. 
C. Configure AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On). Connect IAM Identity Center to the 
existing IdP. Provision users and groups from the existing IdP. 
D. Use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) to share access to the AWS accounts with the 
users in the existing IdP. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 850 
A solutions architect is designing an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) authorization 
model for a company's AWS account. The company has designated five specific employees to 
have full access to AWS services and resources in the AWS account. 
 
The solutions architect has created an IAM user for each of the five designated employees and 
has created an IAM user group. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Attach the AdministratorAccess resource-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the 
five designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group. 
B. Attach the SystemAdministrator identity-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the 
five designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group. 
C. Attach the AdministratorAccess identity-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the five 
designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group. 
D. Attach the SystemAdministrator resource-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the 
five designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 851 
A company has a multi-tier payment processing application that is based on virtual machines 
(VMs). The communication between the tiers occurs asynchronously through a third-party 
middleware solution that guarantees exactly-once delivery. 
 
The company needs a solution that requires the least amount of infrastructure management. The 
solution must guarantee exactly-once delivery for application messaging. 
 
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Lambda for the compute layers in the architecture. 
B. Use Amazon EC2 instances for the compute layers in the architecture. 
C. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) as the messaging component between 
the compute layers. 
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queues as the messaging component 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
399 
between the compute layers. 
E. Use containers that are based on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) for the 
compute layers in the architecture. 
 
Answer: AD 
 
 
QUESTION 852 
A company has a nightly batch processing routine that analyzes report files that an on-premises 
file system receives daily through SFTP. The company wants to move the solution to the AWS 
Cloud. The solution must be highly available and resilient. The solution also must minimize 
operational effort. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy AWS Transfer for SFTP and an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system for 
storage. Use an Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group with a scheduled scaling policy 
to run the batch operation. 
B. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance that runs Linux and an SFTP service. Use an Amazon Elastic 
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume for storage. Use an Auto Scaling group with the minimum 
number of instances and desired number of instances set to 1. 
C. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance that runs Linux and an SFTP service. Use an Amazon Elastic 
File System (Amazon EFS) file system for storage. Use an Auto Scaling group with the minimum 
number of instances and desired number of instances set to 1. 
D. Deploy AWS Transfer for SFTP and an Amazon S3 bucket for storage. Modify the application to 
pull the batch files from Amazon S3 to an Amazon EC2 instance for processing. Use an EC2 
instance in an Auto Scaling group with a scheduled scaling policy to run the batch operation. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 853 
A company has users all around the world accessing its HTTP-based application deployed on 
Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions. The company wants to improve the availability 
and performance of the application. The company also wants to protect the application against 
common web exploits that may affect availability, compromise security, or consume excessive 
resources. Static IP addresses are required. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to accomplish this? 
 
A. Put the EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS 
WAF on the NLBs. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator and register the NLBs as 
endpoints. 
B. Put the EC2 instances behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS 
WAF on the ALBs. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator and register the ALBs as 
endpoints. 
C. Put the EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS 
WAF on the NLBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon 
Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to the NLBs. 
D. Put the EC2 instances behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region. Create an 
Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing 
to route requests to the ALBs. Deploy AWS WAF on the CloudFront distribution. 
 
Answer: B 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
400 
 
 
QUESTION 854 
A company's data platform uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. The database has multiple 
read replicas and multiple DB instances across different Availability Zones. Users have recently 
reported errors from the database that indicate that there are too many connections. The 
company wants to reduce the failover time by 20% when a read replica is promoted to primary 
writer. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement? 
 
A. Switch from Aurora to Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ cluster deployment. 
B. Use Amazon RDS Proxy in front of the Aurora database. 
C. Switch to Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for read connections. 
D. Switch to Amazon Redshift with relocation capability. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 855 
A company stores text files in Amazon S3. The text files include customer chat messages, date 
and time information, and customer personally identifiable information (PII). 
 
The company needs a solution to provide samples of the conversations to an external service 
provider for quality control. The external service provider needs to randomly pick sample 
conversations up to the most recent conversation. The company must not share the customer PII 
with the external service provider. The solution must scale when the number of customer 
conversations increases. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Object Lambda Access Point. Create an AWS Lambda function that redacts the PII 
when the function reads the file. Instruct the external service provider to access the Object 
Lambda Access Point. 
B. Create a batch process on an Amazon EC2 instance that regularly reads all new files, redacts the 
PII from the files, and writes the redacted files to a different S3 bucket. Instruct the external 
service provider to access the bucket that does not contain the PII. 
C. Create a web application on an Amazon EC2 instance that presents a list of the files, redacts the 
PII from the files, and allows the external service provider to download new versions of the files 
that have the PII redacted. 
D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table. Create an AWS Lambda function that reads only the data in 
the files that does not contain PII. Configure the Lambda function to store the non-PII data in the 
DynamoDB table when a new file is written to Amazon S3. Grant the external service provider 
access to the DynamoDB table. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 856 
A company is running a legacy system on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application code cannot 
be modified, and the system cannot run on more than one instance. A solutions architect must 
design a resilient solution that can improve the recovery time for the system. 
 
What should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
401 
A. Enable termination protection for the EC2 instance. 
B. Configure the EC2 instance for Multi-AZ deployment. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to recover the EC2 instance in case of failure. 
D. Launch the EC2 instance with two Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes that use 
RAID configurations for storage redundancy. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 857 
A company wants to deploy its containerized application workloads to a VPC across three 
Availability Zones. The company needs a solution that is highly available across Availability 
Zones. The solution must require minimal changes to the application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon ECS Service Auto 
Scaling to use target tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3. Set the task placement 
strategy type to spread with an Availability Zone attribute. 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) self-managed nodes. Configure 
Application Auto Scaling to use target tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3. 
C. Use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Launch three EC2 instances in a spread placement 
group. Configure an Auto Scaling group to use target tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity 
to 3. 
D. Use an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to connect to a VPC. Configure 
Application Auto Scaling to use Lambda as a scalable target. Set the minimum capacity to 3. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 858 
A media company stores movies in Amazon S3. Each movie is stored in a single video file that 
ranges from 1 GB to 10 GB in size. 
 
The company must be able to provide the streaming content of a movie within 5 minutes of a user 
purchase. There is higher demand for movies that are less than 20 years old than for movies that 
are more than 20 years old. The company wants to minimize hosting service costs based on 
demand. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Store all media content in Amazon S3. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move media data into the 
Infrequent Access tier when the demand for a movie decreases. 
B. Store newer movie video files in S3 Standard. Store older movie video files in S3 Standard-
infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). When a user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by 
using standard retrieval. 
C. Store newer movie video files in S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Store older movie video files in S3 Glacier 
Flexible Retrieval. When a user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using expedited 
retrieval. 
D. Store newer movie video files in S3 Standard. Store older movie video files in S3 Glacier Flexible 
Retrieval. When a user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using bulk retrieval. 
 
Answer: C 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
402 
 
QUESTION 859 
A solutions architect needs to design the architecture for an application that a vendor provides as 
a Docker container image. The container needs 50 GB of storage available for temporary files. 
The infrastructure must be serverless. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Docker container image with an Amazon S3 
mounted volume that has more than 50 GB of space. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Docker container image with an Amazon Elastic 
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume that has more than 50 GB of space. 
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses the AWS Fargate 
launch type. Create a task definition for the container image with an Amazon Elastic File System 
(Amazon EFS) volume. Create a service with that task definition. 
D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses the Amazon EC2 
launch type with an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume that has more than 50 GB 
of space. Create a task definition for the container image. Create a service with that task 
definition. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 860 
A company needs to use its on-premises LDAP directory service to authenticate its users to the 
AWS Management Console. The directory service is not compatible with Security Assertion 
Markup Language (SAML). 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Enable AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) between AWS and the on-premises 
LDAP. 
B. Create an IAM policy that uses AWS credentials, and integrate the policy into LDAP. 
C. Set up a process that rotates the IAM credentials whenever LDAP credentials are updated. 
D. Develop an on-premises custom identity broker application or process that uses AWS Security 
Token Service (AWS STS) to get short-lived credentials. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 861 
A company stores multiple Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) in an AWS account to launch its 
Amazon EC2 instances. The AMIs contain critical data and configurations that are necessary for 
the company's operations. The company wants to implement a solution that will recover 
accidentally deleted AMIs quickly and efficiently. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots of the AMIs. Store the snapshots in 
a separate AWS account. 
B. Copy all AMIs to another AWS account periodically. 
C. Create a retention rule in Recycle Bin. 
D. Upload the AMIs to an Amazon S3 bucket that has Cross-Region Replication. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
403 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2022/02/amazon-ec2-recycle-bin-machine-
images/ 
 
 
QUESTION 862 
A company has 150 TB of archived image data stored on-premises that needs to be moved to the 
AWS Cloud within the next month. The company's current network connection allows up to 100 
Mbps uploads for this purpose during the night only. 
 
What is the MOST cost-effective mechanism to move this data and meet the migration deadline? 
 
A. Use AWS Snowmobile to ship the data to AWS. 
B. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices to ship the data to AWS. 
C. Enable Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration and securely upload the data. 
D. Create an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint and establish a VPN to upload the data. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 863 
A company wants to migrate its three-tier application from on premises to AWS. The web tier and 
the application tier are running on third-party virtual machines (VMs). The database tier is running 
on MySQL. 
 
The company needs to migrate the application by making the fewest possible changes to the 
architecture. The company also needs a database solution that can restore data to a specific 
point in time. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Migrate the web tier and the application tier to Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate 
the database tier to Amazon RDS for MySQL in private subnets. 
B. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the application tier to 
EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon Aurora MySQL in private 
subnets. 
C. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the application tier to 
EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon RDS for MySQL in private 
subnets. 
D. Migrate the web tier and the application tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate 
the database tier to Amazon Aurora MySQL in public subnets. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 864 
A development team is collaborating with another company to create an integrated product. The 
other company needs to access an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue that is 
contained in the development team's account. The other company wants to poll the queue 
without giving up its own account permissions to do so. 
 
How should a solutions architect provide access to the SQS queue? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
404 
A. Create an instance profile that provides the other company access to the SQS queue. 
B. Create an IAM policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue. 
C. Create an SQS access policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue. 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) access policy that provides the 
other company access to the SQS queue. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 865 
A company's developers want a secure way to gain SSH access on the company's Amazon EC2 
instances that run the latest version of Amazon Linux. The developers work remotely and in the 
corporate office. 
 
The company wants to use AWS services as a part of the solution. The EC2 instances are hosted 
in a VPC private subnet and access the internet through a NAT gateway that is deployed in a 
public subnet. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a bastion host in the same subnet as the EC2 instances. Grant the 
ec2:CreateVpnConnection IAM permission to the developers. Install EC2 Instance Connect so 
that the developers can connect to the EC2 instances. 
B. Create an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the corporate network and the VPC. 
Instruct the developers to use the Site-to-Site VPN connection to access the EC2 instances when 
the developers are on the corporate network. Instruct the developers to set up another VPN 
connection for access when they work remotely. 
C. Create a bastion host in the public subnet of the VPConfigure the security groups and SSH keys 
of the bastion host to only allow connections and SSH authentication from the developers' 
corporate and remote networks. Instruct the developers to connect through the bastion host by 
using SSH to reach the EC2 instances. 
D. Attach the AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore IAM policy to an IAM role that is associated with 
the EC2 instances. Instruct the developers to use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to 
access the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 866 
A pharmaceutical company is developing a new drug. The volume of data that the company 
generates has grown exponentially over the past few months. The company's researchers 
regularly require a subset of the entire dataset to be immediately available with minimal lag. 
However, the entire dataset does not need to be accessed on a daily basis. All the data currently 
resides in on-premises storage arrays, and the company wants to reduce ongoing capital 
expenses. 
 
Which storage solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Run AWS DataSync as a scheduled cron job to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket on an 
ongoing basis. 
B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway with an Amazon S3 bucket as the target storage. 
Migrate the data to the Storage Gateway appliance. 
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway with cached volumes with an Amazon S3 
bucket as the target storage. Migrate the data to the Storage Gateway appliance. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
405 
D. Configure an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection from the on-premises environment to AWS. 
Migrate data to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 867 
A company has a business-critical application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The 
application stores data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company must be able to revert the 
table to any point within the last 24 hours. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure point-in-time recovery for the table. 
B. Use AWS Backup for the table. 
C. Use an AWS Lambda function to make an on-demand backup of the table every hour. 
D. Turn on streams on the table to capture a log of all changes to the table in the last 24 hours. 
Store a copy of the stream in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 868 
A company hosts an application used to upload files to an Amazon S3 bucket. Once uploaded, 
the files are processed to extract metadata, which takes less than 5 seconds. The volume and 
frequency of the uploads varies from a few files each hour to hundreds of concurrent uploads. 
The company has asked a solutions architect to design a cost-effective architecture that will meet 
these requirements. 
 
What should the solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Configure AWS CloudTrail trails to log S3 API calls. Use AWS AppSync to process the files. 
B. Configure an object-created event notification within the S3 bucket to invoke an AWS Lambda 
function to process the files. 
C. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to process and send data to Amazon S3. Invoke an 
AWS Lambda function to process the files. 
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to process the files 
uploaded to Amazon S3. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the files. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 869 
A company's application is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances and uses AWS Lambda 
functions for an event-driven architecture. The company uses nonproduction development 
environments in a different AWS account to test new features before the company deploys the 
features to production. 
 
The production instances show constant usage because of customers in different time zones. 
The company uses nonproduction instances only during business hours on weekdays. The 
company does not use the nonproduction instances on the weekends. The company wants to 
optimize the costs to run its application on AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
406 
 
A. Use On-Demand Instances for the production instances. Use Dedicated Hosts for the 
nonproduction instances on weekends only. 
B. Use Reserved Instances for the production instances and the nonproduction instances. Shut 
down the nonproduction instances when not in use. 
C. Use Compute Savings Plans for the production instances. Use On-Demand Instances for the 
nonproduction instances. Shut down the nonproduction instances when not in use. 
D. Use Dedicated Hosts for the production instances. Use EC2 Instance Savings Plans for the 
nonproduction instances. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 870 
A company stores data in an on-premises Oracle relational database. The company needs to 
make the data available in Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL for analysis. The company uses an AWS 
Site-to-Site VPN connection to connect its on-premises network to AWS. 
 
The company must capture the changes that occur to the source database during the migration to 
Aurora PostgreSQL. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the Oracle schema to Aurora 
PostgreSQL schema. Use the AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) full-load migration 
task to migrate the data. 
B. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Import the S3 data to Aurora 
PostgreSQL by using the Aurora PostgreSQL aws_s3 extension. 
C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the Oracle schema to Aurora 
PostgreSQL schema. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the existing 
data and replicate the ongoing changes. 
D. Use an AWS Snowball device to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Import the S3 data to 
Aurora PostgreSQL by using the Aurora PostgreSQL aws_s3 extension. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 871 
A company built an application with Docker containers and needs to run the application in the 
AWS Cloud. The company wants to use a managed service to host the application. 
 
The solution must scale in and out appropriately according to demand on the individual container 
services. The solution also must not result in additional operational overhead or infrastructure to 
manage. 
 
Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate. 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate. 
C. Provision an Amazon API Gateway API. Connect the API to AWS Lambda to run the containers. 
D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes. 
E. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes. 
 
Answer: AB 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
407 
 
 
QUESTION 872 
An ecommerce company is running a seasonal online sale. The company hosts its website on 
Amazon EC2 instances spanning multiple Availability Zones. The company wants its website to 
manage sudden traffic increases during the sale. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that is large enough to handle peak traffic load. Stop half of the 
Amazon EC2 instances. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the stopped instances to scale 
out when traffic increases. 
B. Create an Auto Scaling group for the website. Set the minimum size of the Auto Scaling group so 
that it can handle high traffic volumes without the need to scale out. 
C. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon ElastiCache to cache dynamic content with an Auto 
Scaling group set as the origin. Configure the Auto Scaling group with the instances necessary to 
populate CloudFront and ElastiCache. Scale in after the cache is fully populated. 
D. Configure an Auto Scaling group to scale out as traffic increases. Create a launch template to 
start new instances from a preconfigured Amazon Machine Image (AMI). 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 873 
A solutions architect must provide an automated solution for a company's compliance policy that 
states security groups cannot include a rule that allows SSH from 0.0.0.0/0. The company needs 
to be notified if there is any breach in the policy. A solution is needed as soon as possible. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational 
overhead? 
 
A. Write an AWS Lambda script that monitors security groups for SSH being open to 0.0.0.0/0 
addresses and creates a notification every time it finds one. 
B. Enable the restricted-ssh AWS Config managed rule and generate an Amazon Simple Notification 
Service (Amazon SNS) notification when a noncompliant rule is created. 
C. Create an IAM role with permissions to globally open security groups and network ACLs. Create 
an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to generate a notification every time 
the role is assumed by a user. 
D. Configure a service control policy (SCP) that prevents non-administrative users from creating or 
editing security groups. Create a notification in the ticketing system when a user requests a rule 
that needs administrator permissions. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 874 
Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes. 
 
A company has deployed an application in an AWS account. The application consists of 
microservices that run on AWS Lambda and Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). 
A separate team supports each microservice. The company has multiple AWS accounts and 
wants to give each team its own account for its microservices. 
 
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that will provide service-to-service communication 
over HTTPS (port 443). The solution also must provide a service registry for service discovery. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
408 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Create an inspection VPC. Deploy an AWS Network Firewall firewall to the inspection VPC. 
Attach the inspection VPC to a new transit gateway. Route VPC-to-VPC traffic to the inspection 
VPC. Apply firewall rules to allow only HTTPS communication. 
B. Create a VPC Lattice service network. Associate the microservices with the service network. 
Define HTTPS listeners for each service. Register microservice compute resources as targets. 
Identify VPCs that need to communicate with the services. Associate those VPCs with the service 
network. 
C. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) with an HTTPS listener and target groups for each 
microservice. Create an AWS PrivateLink endpoint service for each microservice. Create an 
interface VPC endpoint in each VPC that needs to consume that microservice. 
D. Create peering connections between VPCs that contain microservices. Create a prefix list for 
each service that requires a connection to a client. Create route tables to route traffic to the 
appropriate VPC. Create security groups to allow only HTTPS communication. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 875 
A company has a mobile game that reads most of its metadata from an Amazon RDS DB 
instance. As the game increased in popularity, developers noticed slowdowns related to the 
game's metadata load times. Performance metrics indicate that simply scaling the database will 
not help. A solutions architect must explore all options that include capabilities for snapshots, 
replication, and sub-millisecond response times. 
 
What should the solutions architect recommend to solve these issues? 
 
A. Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora with Aurora Replicas. 
B. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB with global tables. 
C. Add an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis layer in front of the database. 
D. Add an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached layer in front of the database. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 876 
A company uses AWS Organizations for its multi-account AWS setup. The security organizational 
unit (OU) of the company needs to share approved Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) with the 
development OU. The AMIs are created by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
encrypted snapshots. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Add the development team's OU Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for 
the AMIs. 
B. Add the Organizations root Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for the 
AMIs. 
C. Update the key policy to allow the development team's OU to use the AWS KMS keys that are 
used to decrypt the snapshots. 
D. Add the development team's account Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission 
list for the AMIs. 
E. Recreate the AWS KMS key. Add a key policy to allow the Organizations root Amazon Resource 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
409 
Name (ARN) to use the AWS KMS key. 
 
Answer: AC 
 
 
QUESTION 877 
A data analytics company has 80 offices that are distributed globally. Each office hosts 1 PB of 
data and has between 1 and 2 Gbps of internet bandwidth. 
 
The company needs to perform a one-time migration of a large amount of data from its offices to 
Amazon S3. The company must complete the migration within 4 weeks. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Establish a new 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection to each office. Transfer the data to 
Amazon S3. 
B. Use multiple AWS Snowball Edge storage-optimized devices to store and transfer the data to 
Amazon S3. 
C. Use an AWS Snowmobile to store and transfer the data to Amazon S3. 
D. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway to transfer the data to Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 878 
A company has an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system that contains a 
reference dataset. The company has applications on Amazon EC2 instances that need to read 
the dataset. However, the applications must not be able to change the dataset. The company 
wants to use IAM access control to prevent the applications from being able to modify or delete 
the dataset. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Mount the EFS file system in read-only mode from within the EC2 instances. 
B. Create a resource policy for the EFS file system that denies the elasticfilesystem:ClientWrite 
action to the IAM roles that are attached to the EC2 instances. 
C. Create an identity policy for the EFS file system that denies the elasticfilesystem:ClientWrite 
action on the EFS file system. 
D. Create an EFS access point for each application. Use Portable Operating System Interface 
(POSIX) file permissions to allow read-only access to files in the root directory. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 879 
A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the company's AWS account. The 
vendor uses an automated tool that is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor owns. The 
vendor does not have IAM access to the company's AWS account. The company needs to grant 
the vendor access to the company's AWS account. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely? 
 
A. Create an IAM role in the company's account to delegate access to the vendor's IAM role. Attach 
the appropriate IAM policies to the role for the permissions that the vendor requires. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
410 
B. Create an IAM user in the company's account with a password that meets the password 
complexity requirements. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that 
the vendor requires. 
C. Create an IAM group in the company's account. Add the automated tool's IAM user from the 
vendor account to the group. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the group for the permissions 
that the vendor requires. 
D. Create an IAM user in the company's account that has a permission boundary that allows the 
vendor's account. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that the 
vendor requires. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 880 
A company wants to run its experimental workloads in the AWS Cloud. The company has a 
budget for cloud spending. The company's CFO is concerned about cloud spending 
accountability for each department. The CFO wants to receive notification when the spending 
threshold reaches 60% of the budget. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use cost allocation tags on AWS resources to label owners. Create usage budgets in AWS 
Budgets. Add an alert threshold to receive notification when spending exceeds 60% of the 
budget. 
B. Use AWS Cost Explorer forecasts to determine resource owners. Use AWS Cost Anomaly 
Detection to create alert threshold notifications when spending exceeds 60% of the budget. 
C. Use cost allocation tags on AWS resources to label owners. Use AWS Support API on AWS 
Trusted Advisor to create alert threshold notifications when spending exceeds 60% of the budget. 
D. Use AWS Cost Explorer forecasts to determine resource owners. Create usage budgets in AWS 
Budgets. Add an alert threshold to receive notification when spending exceeds 60% of the 
budget. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 881 
A company wants to deploy an internal web application on AWS. The web application must be 
accessible only from the company's office. The company needs to download security patches for 
the web application from the internet. 
 
The company has created a VPC and has configured an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to the 
company's office. A solutions architect must design a secure architecture for the web application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets behind a public 
Application Load Balancer (ALB). Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the inbound source 
of the ALB's security group to 0.0.0.0/0. 
B. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets behind an internal 
Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy NAT gateways in public subnets. Attach an internet 
gateway to the VPC. Set the inbound source of the ALB's security group to the company's office 
network CIDR block. 
C. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets behind an internal 
Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy NAT gateways in private subnets. Attach an internet 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
411 
gateway to the VPSet the outbound destination of the ALB's security group to the company's 
office network CIDR block. 
D. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets behind a public 
Application Load Balancer (ALB). Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the outbound 
destination of the ALB's security group to 0.0.0.0/0. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 882 
A company maintains its accounting records in a custom application that runs on Amazon EC2 
instances. The company needs to migrate the data to an AWS managed service for development 
and maintenance of the application data. The solution must require minimal operational support 
and provide immutable, cryptographically verifiable logs of data changes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Redshift cluster. 
B. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Neptune cluster. 
C. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Timestream database. 
D. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon 
QLDB) ledger. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 883 
A company's marketing data is uploaded from multiple sources to an Amazon S3 bucket. A series 
of data preparation jobs aggregate the data for reporting. The data preparation jobs need to run 
at regular intervals in parallel. A few jobs need to run in a specific order later. 
 
The company wants to remove the operational overhead of job error handling, retry logic, and 
state management. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an AWS Lambda function to process the data as soon as the data is uploaded to the S3 
bucket. Invoke other Lambda functions at regularly scheduled intervals. 
B. Use Amazon Athena to process the data. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to invoke Athena 
on a regular internal. 
C. Use AWS Glue DataBrew to process the data. Use an AWS Step Functions state machine to run 
the DataBrew data preparation jobs. 
D. Use AWS Data Pipeline to process the data. Schedule Data Pipeline to process the data once at 
midnight. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 884 
A solutions architect is designing a payment processing application that runs on AWS Lambda in 
private subnets across multiple Availability Zones. The application uses multiple Lambda 
functions and processes millions of transactions each day. 
 
The architecture must ensure that the application does not process duplicate payments. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
412 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Configure the S3 bucket with an event notification to invoke another Lambda function to process 
the due payments. 
B. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon Simple 
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure another Lambda function to poll the SQS queue 
and to process the due payments. 
C. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon Simple 
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Configure another Lambda function to poll the FIFO 
queue and to process the due payments. 
D. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Store the due payments in an Amazon DynamoDB 
table. Configure streams on the DynamoDB table to invoke another Lambda function to process 
the due payments. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 885 
A company runs multiple workloads in its on-premises data center. The company's data center 
cannot scale fast enough to meet the company's expanding business needs. The company wants 
to collect usage and configuration data about the on-premises servers and workloads to plan a 
migration to AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set the home AWS Region in AWS Migration Hub. Use AWS Systems Manager to collect data 
about the on-premises servers. 
B. Set the home AWS Region in AWS Migration Hub. Use AWS Application Discovery Service to 
collect data about the on-premises servers. 
C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to create the relevant templates. Use AWS 
Trusted Advisor to collect data about the on-premises servers. 
D. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to create the relevant templates. Use AWS 
Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to collect data about the on-premises servers. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 886 
A company has an organization in AWS Organizations that has all features enabled. The 
company requires that all API calls and logins in any existing or new AWS account must be 
audited. The company needs a managed solution to prevent additional work and to minimize 
costs. The company also needs to know when any AWS account is not compliant with the AWS 
Foundational Security Best Practices (FSBP) standard. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Deploy an AWS Control Tower environment in the Organizations management account. Enable 
AWS Security Hub and AWS Control Tower Account Factory in the environment. 
B. Deploy an AWS Control Tower environment in a dedicated Organizations member account. 
Enable AWS Security Hub and AWS Control Tower Account Factory in the environment. 
C. Use AWS Managed Services (AMS) Accelerate to build a multi-account landing zone (MALZ). 
Submit an RFC to self-service provision Amazon GuardDuty in the MALZ. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
413 
D. Use AWS Managed Services (AMS) Accelerate to build a multi-account landing zone (MALZ). 
Submit an RFC to self-service provision AWS Security Hub in the MALZ. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 887 
A company has stored 10 TB of log files in Apache Parquet format in an Amazon S3 bucket. The 
company occasionally needs to use SQL to analyze the log files. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. Migrate the data from the S3 bucket into Aurora by 
using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Issue SQL statements to the Aurora 
database. 
B. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Use Redshift Spectrum to run SQL statements directly on the 
data in the S3 bucket. 
C. Create an AWS Glue crawler to store and retrieve table metadata from the S3 bucket. Use 
Amazon Athena to run SQL statements directly on the data in the S3 bucket. 
D. Create an Amazon EMR cluster. Use Apache Spark SQL to run SQL statements directly on the 
data in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 888 
A company needs a solution to prevent AWS CloudFormation stacks from deploying AWS 
Identity and Access Management (IAM) resources that include an inline policy or "*" in the 
statement. The solution must also prohibit deployment of Amazon EC2 instances with public IP 
addresses. The company has AWS Control Tower enabled in its organization in AWS 
Organizations. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Control Tower proactive controls to block deployment of EC2 instances with public IP 
addresses and inline policies with elevated access or "*". 
B. Use AWS Control Tower detective controls to block deployment of EC2 instances with public IP 
addresses and inline policies with elevated access or "*". 
C. Use AWS Config to create rules for EC2 and IAM compliance. Configure the rules to run an AWS 
Systems Manager Session Manager automation to delete a resource when it is not compliant. 
D. Use a service control policy (SCP) to block actions for the EC2 instances and IAM resources if 
the actions lead to noncompliance. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 889 
A company's web application that is hosted in the AWS Cloud recently increased in popularity. 
The web application currently exists on a single Amazon EC2 instance in a single public subnet. 
The web application has not been able to meet the demand of the increased web traffic. 
 
The company needs a solution that will provide high availability and scalability to meet the 
increased user demand without rewriting the web application. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
414 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Replace the EC2 instance with a larger compute optimized instance. 
B. Configure Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling with multiple Availability Zones in private subnets. 
C. Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet to handle web requests. 
D. Replace the EC2 instance with a larger memory optimized instance. 
E. Configure an Application Load Balancer in a public subnet to distribute web traffic. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 890 
A company has AWS Lambda functions that use environment variables. The company does not 
want its developers to see environment variables in plaintext. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy code to Amazon EC2 instances instead of using Lambda functions. 
B. Configure SSL encryption on the Lambda functions to use AWS CloudHSM to store and encrypt 
the environment variables. 
C. Create a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Configure the Lambda functions to use 
the certificate to encrypt the environment variables. 
D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. Enable encryption helpers on the 
Lambda functions to use the KMS key to store and encrypt the environment variables. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 891 
An analytics company uses Amazon VPC to run its multi-tier services. The company wants to use 
RESTful APIs to offer a web analytics service to millions of users. Users must be verified by using 
an authentication service to access the APIs. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon Cognito user pool for user authentication. Implement Amazon API Gateway 
REST APIs with a Cognito authorizer. 
B. Configure an Amazon Cognito identity pool for user authentication. Implement Amazon API 
Gateway HTTP APIs with a Cognito authorizer. 
C. Configure an AWS Lambda function to handle user authentication. Implement Amazon API 
Gateway REST APIs with a Lambda authorizer. 
D. Configure an IAM user to handle user authentication. Implement Amazon API Gateway HTTP 
APIs with an IAM authorizer. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 892 
A company has a mobile app for customers. The app's data is sensitive and must be encrypted at 
rest. The company uses AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). 
 
The company needs a solution that prevents the accidental deletion of KMS keys. The solution 
must use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send an email notification to 
administrators when a user attempts to delete a KMS key. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
415 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts when a user tries to delete a KMS key. Configure 
an AWS Config rule that cancels any deletion of a KMS key. Add the AWS Config rule as a target 
of the EventBridge rule. Create an SNS topic that notifies the administrators. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function that has custom logic to prevent KMS key deletion. Create an 
Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is activated when a user tries to delete a KMS key. Create an 
Amazon EventBridge rule that invokes the Lambda function when the DeleteKey operation is 
performed. Create an SNS topic. Configure the EventBridge rule to publish an SNS message that 
notifies the administrators. 
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts when the KMS DeleteKey operation is performed. 
Configure the rule to initiate an AWS Systems Manager Automation runbook. Configure the 
runbook to cancel the deletion of the KMS key. Create an SNS topic. Configure the EventBridge 
rule to publish an SNS message that notifies the administrators. 
D. Create an AWS CloudTrail trail. Configure the trail to deliver logs to a new Amazon CloudWatch 
log group. Create a CloudWatch alarm based on the metric filter for the CloudWatch log group. 
Configure the alarm to use Amazon SNS to notify the administrators when the KMS DeleteKey 
operation is performed. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 893 
A company wants to analyze and generate reports to track the usage of its mobile app. The app 
is popular and has a global user base. The company uses a custom report building program to 
analyze application usage. 
 
The program generates multiple reports during the last week of each month. The program takes 
less than 10 minutes to produce each report. The company rarely uses the program to generate 
reports outside of the last week of each month The company wants to generate reports in the 
least amount of time when the reports are requested. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Run the program by using Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. Create an Amazon EventBridge 
rule to start the EC2 instances when reports are requested. Run the EC2 instances continuously 
during the last week of each month. 
B. Run the program in AWS Lambda. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to run a Lambda function 
when reports are requested. 
C. Run the program in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Schedule Amazon ECS to 
run the program when reports are requested. 
D. Run the program by using Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Create an Amazon EventBndge rule to 
start the EC2 instances when reports are requested. Run the EC2 instances continuously during 
the last week of each month. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 894 
A company is designing a tightly coupled high performance computing (HPC) environment in the 
AWS Cloud. The company needs to include features that will optimize the HPC environment for 
networking and storage. 
 
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
416 
 
A. Create an accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Configure custom routing for the accelerator. 
B. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. Configure the file system with scratch storage. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure the viewer protocol policy to be HTTP and 
HTTPS. 
D. Launch Amazon EC2 instances. Attach an Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) to the instances. 
E. Create an AWS Elastic Beanstalk deployment to manage the environment. 
 
Answer: BD 
 
 
QUESTION 895 
A company needs a solution to prevent photos with unwanted content from being uploaded to the 
company's web application. The solution must not involve training a machine learning (ML) 
model. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create and deploy a model by using Amazon SageMaker Autopilot. Create a real-time endpoint 
that the web application invokes when new photos are uploaded. 
B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses Amazon Rekognition to detect unwanted content. 
Create a Lambda function URL that the web application invokes when new photos are uploaded. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront function that uses Amazon Comprehend to detect unwanted 
content. Associate the function with the web application. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses Amazon Rekognition Video to detect unwanted 
content. Create a Lambda function URL that the web application invokes when new photos are 
uploaded. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 896 
A company uses AWS to run its ecommerce platform. The platform is critical to the company's 
operations and has a high volume of traffic and transactions. The company configures a multi-
factor authentication (MFA) device to secure its AWS account root user credentials. The company 
wants to ensure that it will not lose access to the root user account if the MFA device is lost. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up a backup administrator account that the company can use to log in if the company loses 
the MFA device. 
B. Add multiple MFA devices for the root user account to handle the disaster scenario. 
C. Create a new administrator account when the company cannot access the root account. 
D. Attach the administrator policy to another IAM user when the company cannot access the root 
account. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 897 
A social media company is creating a rewards program website for its users. The company gives 
users points when users create and upload videos to the website. Users redeem their points for 
gifts or discounts from the company's affiliated partners. A unique ID identifies users. The 
partners refer to this ID to verify user eligibility for rewards. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
417 
 
The partners want to receive notification of user IDs through an HTTP endpoint when the 
company gives users points. Hundreds of vendors are interested in becoming affiliated partners 
every day. The company wants to design an architecture that gives the website the ability to add 
partners rapidly in a scalable way. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Timestream database to keep a list of affiliated partners. Implement an AWS 
Lambda function to read the list. Configure the Lambda function to send user IDs to each partner 
when the company gives users points. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Choose an endpoint 
protocol. Subscribe the partners to the topic. Publish user IDs to the topic when the company 
gives users points. 
C. Create an AWS Step Functions state machine. Create a task for every affiliated partner. Invoke 
the state machine with user IDs as input when the company gives users points. 
D. Create a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Implement producer and consumer 
applications. Store a list of affiliated partners in the data stream. Send user IDs when the 
company gives users points. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 898 
A company needs to extract the names of ingredients from recipe records that are stored as text 
files in an Amazon S3 bucket. A web application will use the ingredient names to query an 
Amazon DynamoDB table and determine a nutrition score. 
 
The application can handle non-food records and errors. The company does not have any 
employees who have machine learning knowledge to develop this solution. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. 
Program the Lambda function to analyze the object and extract the ingredient names by using 
Amazon Comprehend. Store the Amazon Comprehend output in the DynamoDB table. 
B. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests 
occur. Program the Lambda function to analyze the object by using Amazon Forecast to extract 
the ingredient names. Store the Forecast output in the DynamoDB table. 
C. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. 
Use Amazon Polly to create audio recordings of the recipe records. Save the audio files in the S3 
bucket. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send a URL as a message to 
employees. Instruct the employees to listen to the audio files and calculate the nutrition score. 
Store the ingredient names in the DynamoDB table. 
D. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a PutObject request 
occurs. Program the Lambda function to analyze the object and extract the ingredient names by 
using Amazon SageMaker. Store the inference output from the SageMaker endpoint in the 
DynamoDB table. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 899 
A company needs to create an AWS Lambda function that will run in a VPC in the company's 
primary AWS account. The Lambda function needs to access files that the company stores in an 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
418 
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. The EFS file system is located in a 
secondary AWS account. As the company adds files to the file system, the solution must scale to 
meet the demand. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a new EFS file system in the primary account. Use AWS DataSync to copy the contents of 
the original EFS file system to the new EFS file system. 
B. Create a VPC peering connection between the VPCs that are in the primary account and the 
secondary account. 
C. Create a second Lambda function in the secondary account that has a mount that is configured 
for the file system. Use the primary account's Lambda function to invoke the secondary account's 
Lambda function. 
D. Move the contents of the file system to a Lambda layer. Configure the Lambda layer's 
permissions to allow the company's secondary account to use the Lambda layer. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/efs/latest/ug/efs-different-vpc.html 
 
 
QUESTION 900 
A financial company needs to handle highly sensitive data. The company will store the data in an 
Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to ensure that the data is encrypted in transit and at 
rest. The company must manage the encryption keys outside the AWS Cloud. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with server-side encryption (SSE) that uses an AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. 
B. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with server-side encryption (SSE) that uses an AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key. 
C. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with the default server-side encryption (SSE). 
D. Encrypt the data at the company's data center before storing the data in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 901 
A company wants to run its payment application on AWS. The application receives payment 
notifications from mobile devices. Payment notifications require a basic validation before they are 
sent for further processing. 
 
The backend processing application is long running and requires compute and memory to be 
adjusted. The company does not want to manage the infrastructure. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Integrate the queue with an 
Amazon EventBridge rule to receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Configure the 
rule to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application. 
Deploy the backend application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) 
Anywhere. Create a standalone cluster. 
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway API. Integrate the API with an AWS Step Functions state 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
419 
machine to receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Invoke the state machine to 
validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application. Deploy the 
backend application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Configure an EKS 
cluster with self-managed nodes. 
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Integrate the queue with an 
Amazon EventBridge rule to receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Configure the 
rule to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application. 
Deploy the backend application on Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Configure a Spot Fleet with a 
default allocation strategy. 
D. Create an Amazon API Gateway API. Integrate the API with AWS Lambda to receive payment 
notifications from mobile devices. Invoke a Lambda function to validate payment notifications and 
send the notifications to the backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon 
Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon ECS with an AWS Fargate launch 
type. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 902 
A solutions architect is designing a user authentication solution for a company. The solution must 
invoke two-factor authentication for users that log in from inconsistent geographical locations, IP 
addresses, or devices. The solution must also be able to scale up to accommodate millions of 
users. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure Amazon Cognito user pools for user authentication. Enable the risk-based adaptive 
authentication feature with multifactor authentication (MFA). 
B. Configure Amazon Cognito identity pools for user authentication. Enable multi-factor 
authentication (MFA). 
C. Configure AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users for user authentication. Attach an 
IAM policy that allows the AllowManageOwnUserMFA action. 
D. Configure AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) authentication for user authentication. 
Configure the permission sets to require multi-factor authentication (MFA). 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 903 
A company has an Amazon S3 data lake. The company needs a solution that transforms the data 
from the data lake and loads the data into a data warehouse every day. The data warehouse 
must have massively parallel processing (MPP) capabilities. 
 
Data analysts then need to create and train machine learning (ML) models by using SQL 
commands on the data. The solution must use serverless AWS services wherever possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Run a daily Amazon EMR job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Redshift. Use 
Amazon Redshift ML to create and train the ML models. 
B. Run a daily Amazon EMR job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Aurora 
Serverless. Use Amazon Aurora ML to create and train the ML models. 
C. Run a daily AWS Glue job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Redshift 
Serverless. Use Amazon Redshift ML to create and train the ML models. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
420 
D. Run a daily AWS Glue job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Athena tables. 
Use Amazon Athena ML to create and train the ML models. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 904 
A company runs containers in a Kubernetes environment in the company's local data center. The 
company wants to use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) and other AWS 
managed services. Data must remain locally in the company's data center and cannot be stored 
in any remote site or cloud to maintain compliance. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy AWS Local Zones in the company's data center. 
B. Use an AWS Snowmobile in the company's data center. 
C. Install an AWS Outposts rack in the company's data center. 
D. Install an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized node in the data center. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 905 
A social media company has workloads that collect and process data. The workloads store the 
data in on-premises NFS storage. The data store cannot scale fast enough to meet the 
company's expanding business needs. The company wants to migrate the current data store to 
AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway. Use an Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy to 
transition the data to the appropriate storage class. 
B. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Amazon S3 File Gateway. Use an Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy 
to transition the data to the appropriate storage class. 
C. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard-Infrequent Access (Standard-IA) 
storage class. Activate the infrequent access lifecycle policy. 
D. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) One Zone-Infrequent Access (One Zone-IA) 
storage class. Activate the infrequent access lifecycle policy. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 906 
A company uses high concurrency AWS Lambda functions to process a constantly increasing 
number of messages in a message queue during marketing events. The Lambda functions use 
CPU intensive code to process the messages. The company wants to reduce the compute costs 
and to maintain service latency for its customers. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure reserved concurrency for the Lambda functions. Decrease the memory allocated to the 
Lambda functions. 
B. Configure reserved concurrency for the Lambda functions. Increase the memory according to 
AWS Compute Optimizer recommendations. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
421 
C. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda functions. Decrease the memory allocated to 
the Lambda functions. 
D. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda functions. Increase the memory according to 
AWS Compute Optimizer recommendations. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 907 
A company runs its workloads on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). The 
container images that the ECS task definition uses need to be scanned for Common 
Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs). New container images that are created also need to be 
scanned. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the workloads? 
 
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) as a private image repository to store the 
container images. Specify scan on push filters for the ECR basic scan. 
B. Store the container images in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon Macie to scan the images. 
Use an S3 Event Notification to initiate a Macie scan for every event with an 
s3:ObjectCreated:Put event type. 
C. Deploy the workloads to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use Amazon Elastic 
Container Registry (Amazon ECR) as a private image repository. Specify scan on push filters for 
the ECR enhanced scan. 
D. Store the container images in an Amazon S3 bucket that has versioning enabled. Configure an 
S3 Event Notification for s3:ObjectCreated:* events to invoke an AWS Lambda function. 
Configure the Lambda function to initiate an Amazon Inspector scan. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/image-scanning.html 
 
 
QUESTION 908 
A company uses an AWS Batch job to run its end-of-day sales process. The company needs a 
serverless solution that will invoke a third-party reporting application when the AWS Batch job is 
successful. The reporting application has an HTTP API interface that uses username and 
password authentication. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to match incoming AWS Batch job SUCCEEDED events. 
Configure the third-party API as an EventBridge API destination with a username and password. 
Set the API destination as the EventBridge rule target. 
B. Configure Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to match incoming AWS Batch job SUCCEEDED 
events. Configure an AWS Lambda function to invoke the third-party API by using a username 
and password. Set the Lambda function as the EventBridge rule target. 
C. Configure an AWS Batch job to publish job SUCCEEDED events to an Amazon API Gateway 
REST API. Configure an HTTP proxy integration on the API Gateway REST API to invoke the 
third-party API by using a username and password. 
D. Configure an AWS Batch job to publish job SUCCEEDED events to an Amazon API Gateway 
REST API. Configure a proxy integration on the API Gateway REST API to an AWS Lambda 
function. Configure the Lambda function to invoke the third-party API by using a username and 
password. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
422 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 909 
A company collects and processes data from a vendor. The vendor stores its data in an Amazon 
RDS for MySQL database in the vendor's own AWS account. The company's VPC does not have 
an internet gateway, an AWS Direct Connect connection, or an AWS Site-to-Site VPN 
connection. The company needs to access the data that is in the vendor database. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement? 
 
A. Instruct the vendor to sign up for the AWS Hosted Connection Direct Connect Program. Use VPC 
peering to connect the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. 
B. Configure a client VPN connection between the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. Use VPC 
peering to connect the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. 
C. Instruct the vendor to create a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Place the NLB in front of the 
Amazon RDS for MySQL database. Use AWS PrivateLink to integrate the company's VPC and 
the vendor's VPC. 
D. Use AWS Transit Gateway to integrate the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. Use VPC 
peering to connect the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/how-to-securely-publish-internet-
applications-at-scale-using-application-load-balancer-and-aws-privatelink/ 
 
 
QUESTION 910 
A company wants to set up Amazon Managed Grafana as its visualization tool. The company 
wants to visualize data from its Amazon RDS database as one data source. The company needs 
a secure solution that will not expose the data over the internet. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace without a VPC. Create a public endpoint for the 
RDS database. Configure the public endpoint as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana. 
B. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace in a VPC. Create a private endpoint for the RDS 
database. Configure the private endpoint as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana. 
C. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace without a VPCreate an AWS PrivateLink 
endpoint to establish a connection between Amazon Managed Grafana and Amazon RDS. Set up 
Amazon RDS as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana. 
D. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace in a VPC. Create a public endpoint for the RDS 
database. Configure the public endpoint as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 911 
A company hosts a data lake on Amazon S3. The data lake ingests data in Apache Parquet 
format from various data sources. The company uses multiple transformation steps to prepare the 
ingested data. The steps include filtering of anomalies, normalizing of data to standard date and 
time values, and generation of aggregates for analyses. 
 
The company must store the transformed data in S3 buckets that data analysts access. The 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
423 
company needs a prebuilt solution for data transformation that does not require code. The 
solution must provide data lineage and data profiling. The company needs to share the data 
transformation steps with employees throughout the company. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure an AWS Glue Studio visual canvas to transform the data. Share the transformation 
steps with employees by using AWS Glue jobs. 
B. Configure Amazon EMR Serverless to transform the data. Share the transformation steps with 
employees by using EMR Serverless jobs. 
C. Configure AWS Glue DataBrew to transform the data. Share the transformation steps with 
employees by using DataBrew recipes. 
D. Create Amazon Athena tables for the data. Write Athena SQL queries to transform the data. 
Share the Athena SQL queries with employees. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 912 
A solutions architect runs a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances that are in 
individual target groups behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Users can reach the 
application through a public website. 
 
The solutions architect wants to allow engineers to use a development version of the website to 
access one specific development EC2 instance to test new features for the application. The 
solutions architect wants to use an Amazon Route 53 hosted zone to give the engineers access 
to the development instance. The solution must automatically route to the development instance 
even if the development instance is replaced. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an A Record for the development website that has the value set to the ALB. Create a 
listener rule on the ALB that forwards requests for the development website to the target group 
that contains the development instance. 
B. Recreate the development instance with a public IP address. Create an A Record for the 
development website that has the value set to the public IP address of the development instance. 
C. Create an A Record for the development website that has the value set to the ALB. Create a 
listener rule on the ALB to redirect requests for the development website to the public IP address 
of the development instance. 
D. Place all the instances in the same target group. Create an A Record for the development 
website. Set the value to the ALB. Create a listener rule on the ALB that forwards requests for the 
development website to the target group. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 913 
A company runs a container application on a Kubernetes cluster in the company's data center. 
The application uses Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP) to communicate with a 
message queue. The data center cannot scale fast enough to meet the company's expanding 
business needs. The company wants to migrate the workloads to AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
424 
A. Migrate the container application to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Use 
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to retrieve the messages. 
B. Migrate the container application to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use 
Amazon MQ to retrieve the messages. 
C. Use highly available Amazon EC2 instances to run the application. Use Amazon MQ to retrieve 
the messages. 
D. Use AWS Lambda functions to run the application. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) to retrieve the messages. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 914 
An online gaming company hosts its platform on Amazon EC2 instances behind Network Load 
Balancers (NLBs) across multiple AWS Regions. The NLBs can route requests to targets over the 
internet. The company wants to improve the customer playing experience by reducing end-to-end 
load time for its global customer base. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region to replace the existing NLBs. Register 
the existing EC2 instances as targets for the ALBs in each Region. 
B. Configure Amazon Route 53 to route equally weighted traffic to the NLBs in each Region. 
C. Create additional NLBs and EC2 instances in other Regions where the company has large 
customer bases. 
D. Create a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Configure the existing NLBs as target 
endpoints. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 915 
A company has an on-premises application that uses SFTP to collect financial data from multiple 
vendors. The company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company has created an application 
that uses Amazon S3 APIs to upload files from vendors. 
 
Some vendors run their systems on legacy applications that do not support S3 APIs. The vendors 
want to continue to use SFTP-based applications to upload data. The company wants to use 
managed services for the needs of the vendors that use legacy applications. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) instance to replicate data from the 
storage of the vendors that use legacy applications to Amazon S3. Provide the vendors with the 
credentials to access the AWS DMS instance. 
B. Create an AWS Transfer Family endpoint for vendors that use legacy applications. 
C. Configure an Amazon EC2 instance to run an SFTP server. Instruct the vendors that use legacy 
applications to use the SFTP server to upload data. 
D. Configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway for vendors that use legacy applications to upload files to 
an SMB file share. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
425 
QUESTION 916 
A marketing team wants to build a campaign for an upcoming multi-sport event. The team has 
news reports from the past five years in PDF format. The team needs a solution to extract 
insights about the content and the sentiment of the news reports. The solution must use Amazon 
Textract to process the news reports. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Provide the extracted insights to Amazon Athena for analysis. Store the extracted insights and 
analysis in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
B. Store the extracted insights in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon SageMaker to build a 
sentiment model. 
C. Provide the extracted insights to Amazon Comprehend for analysis. Save the analysis to an 
Amazon S3 bucket. 
D. Store the extracted insights in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize and 
analyze the data. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 917 
A company's application runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are in multiple Availability Zones. 
The application needs to ingest real-time data from third-party applications. 
 
The company needs a data ingestion solution that places the ingested raw data in an Amazon S3 
bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create Amazon Kinesis data streams for data ingestion. Create Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose 
delivery streams to consume the Kinesis data streams. Specify the S3 bucket as the destination 
of the delivery streams. 
B. Create database migration tasks in AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Specify 
replication instances of the EC2 instances as the source endpoints. Specify the S3 bucket as the 
target endpoint. Set the migration type to migrate existing data and replicate ongoing changes. 
C. Create and configure AWS DataSync agents on the EC2 instances. Configure DataSync tasks to 
transfer data from the EC2 instances to the S3 bucket. 
D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection to the application for data ingestion. Create Amazon 
Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams to consume direct PUT operations from the application. 
Specify the S3 bucket as the destination of the delivery streams. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 918 
A company's application is receiving data from multiple data sources. The size of the data varies 
and is expected to increase over time. The current maximum size is 700 KB. The data volume 
and data size continue to grow as more data sources are added. 
 
The company decides to use Amazon DynamoDB as the primary database for the application. A 
solutions architect needs to identify a solution that handles the large data sizes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
426 
A. Create an AWS Lambda function to filter the data that exceeds DynamoDB item size limits. Store 
the larger data in an Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) database. 
B. Store the large data as objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. In a DynamoDB table, create an item 
that has an attribute that points to the S3 URL of the data. 
C. Split all incoming large data into a collection of items that have the same partition key. Write the 
data to a DynamoDB table in a single operation by using the BatchWriteItem API operation. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses gzip compression to compress the large objects as 
they are written to a DynamoDB table. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 919 
A company is migrating a legacy application from an on-premises data center to AWS. The 
application relies on hundreds of cron jobs that run between 1 and 20 minutes on different 
recurring schedules throughout the day. 
 
The company wants a solution to schedule and run the cron jobs on AWS with minimal 
refactoring. The solution must support running the cron jobs in response to an event in the future. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to create a 
recurring schedule. Run the cron job tasks as AWS Lambda functions. 
B. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use AWS Batch on Amazon Elastic Container Service 
(Amazon ECS) with a scheduling policy to run the cron jobs. 
C. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to create a 
recurring schedule. Run the cron job tasks on AWS Fargate. 
D. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Create a workflow in AWS Step Functions that uses a 
Wait state to run the cron jobs at a specified time. Use the RunTask action to run the cron job 
tasks on AWS Fargate. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/migrate-cron-jobs-to-event-driven-architectures-using-
amazon-elastic-container-service-and-amazon-eventbridge/ 
 
 
QUESTION 920 
A company uses Salesforce. The company needs to load existing data and ongoing data 
changes from Salesforce to Amazon Redshift for analysis. The company does not want the data 
to travel over the public internet. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort? 
 
A. Establish a VPN connection from the VPC to Salesforce. Use AWS Glue DataBrew to transfer 
data. 
B. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection from the VPC to Salesforce. Use AWS Glue 
DataBrew to transfer data. 
C. Create an AWS PrivateLink connection in the VPC to Salesforce. Use Amazon AppFlow to 
transfer data. 
D. Create a VPC peering connection to Salesforce. Use Amazon AppFlow to transfer data. 
 
Answer: C 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
427 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/integrate-salesforce-tasks.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/vpc-interface-endpoints.html 
 
 
QUESTION 921 
A company recently migrated its application to AWS. The application runs on Amazon EC2 Linux 
instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The application stores data 
in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system that uses EFS Standard-Infrequent 
Access storage. The application indexes the company's files. The index is stored in an Amazon 
RDS database. 
 
The company needs to optimize storage costs with some application and services changes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that uses an Intelligent-Tiering lifecycle policy. Copy all files to the 
S3 bucket. Update the application to use Amazon S3 API to store and retrieve files. 
B. Deploy Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file shares. Update the application to use CIFS 
protocol to store and retrieve files. 
C. Deploy Amazon FSx for OpenZFS file system shares. Update the application to use the new 
mount point to store and retrieve files. 
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that uses S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Copy all files to the S3 
bucket. Update the application to use Amazon S3 API to store and retrieve files as standard 
retrievals. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 922 
A robotics company is designing a solution for medical surgery. The robots will use advanced 
sensors, cameras, and AI algorithms to perceive their environment and to complete surgeries. 
 
The company needs a public load balancer in the AWS Cloud that will ensure seamless 
communication with backend services. The load balancer must be capable of routing traffic based 
on the query strings to different target groups. The traffic must also be encrypted. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use a Network Load Balancer with a certificate attached from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). 
Use query parameter-based routing. 
B. Use a Gateway Load Balancer. Import a generated certificate in AWS Identity and Access 
Management (IAM). Attach the certificate to the load balancer. Use HTTP path-based routing. 
C. Use an Application Load Balancer with a certificate attached from AWS Certificate Manager 
(ACM). Use query parameter-based routing. 
D. Use a Network Load Balancer. Import a generated certificate in AWS Identity and Access 
Management (IAM). Attach the certificate to the load balancer. Use query parameter-based 
routing. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 923 
A company has an application that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The application uses 
a MySQL database that runs on the same EC2 instance. The company needs a highly available 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
428 
and automatically scalable solution to handle increased traffic. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application 
Load Balancer. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster that has multiple MySQL-compatible nodes. 
B. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that are configured as a target group behind an 
Application Load Balancer. Create an Amazon RDS for MySQL cluster that has multiple 
instances. 
C. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application 
Load Balancer. Create an Amazon Aurora Serverless MySQL cluster for the database layer. 
D. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that are configured as a target group behind an 
Application Load Balancer. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster that uses the MySQL 
connector. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Target groups are just a group of Ec2 instances. Target groups are closely associated with ELB 
and not ASG. We can just use ELB and Target groups to route requests to EC2 instances. With 
this setup, there is no autoscaling which means instances cannot be added or removed when 
your load increases/decreases. 
 
 
QUESTION 924 
A company is planning to migrate data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data must be encrypted at 
rest within the S3 bucket. The encryption key must be rotated automatically every year. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys 
(SSE-S3). Use the built-in key rotation behavior of SSE-S3 encryption keys. 
B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Enable 
automatic key rotation. Set the S3 bucket's default encryption behavior to use the customer 
managed KMS key. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket. 
C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Set the S3 
bucket's default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. Migrate the data to 
the S3 bucket. Manually rotate the KMS key every year. 
D. Use customer key material to encrypt the data. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket. Create an AWS 
Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key without key material. Import the customer key material 
into the KMS key. Enable automatic key rotation. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 925 
A company is migrating applications from an on-premises Microsoft Active Directory that the 
company manages to AWS. The company deploys the applications in multiple AWS accounts. 
The company uses AWS Organizations to manage the accounts centrally. 
 
The company's security team needs a single sign-on solution across all the company's AWS 
accounts. The company must continue to manage users and groups that are in the on-premises 
Active Directory. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
429 
A. Create an Enterprise Edition Active Directory in AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active 
Directory. Configure the Active Directory to be the identity source for AWS IAM Identity Center. 
B. Enable AWS IAM Identity Center. Configure a two-way forest trust relationship to connect the 
company's self-managed Active Directory with IAM Identity Center by using AWS Directory 
Service for Microsoft Active Directory. 
C. Use AWS Directory Service and create a two-way trust relationship with the company's self-
managed Active Directory. 
D. Deploy an identity provider (IdP) on Amazon EC2. Link the IdP as an identity source within AWS 
IAM Identity Center. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/ms_ad_setup_trust.html 
 
 
QUESTION 926 
A company is planning to deploy its application on an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL Serverless v2 
cluster. The application will receive large amounts of traffic. The company wants to optimize the 
storage performance of the cluster as the load on the application increases. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure the cluster to use the Aurora Standard storage configuration. 
B. Configure the cluster storage type as Provisioned IOPS. 
C. Configure the cluster storage type as General Purpose. 
D. Configure the cluster to use the Aurora I/O-Optimized storage configuration. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 927 
A financial services company that runs on AWS has designed its security controls to meet 
industry standards. The industry standards include the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). 
 
The company's third-party auditors need proof that the designed controls have been implemented 
and are functioning correctly. The company has hundreds of AWS accounts in a single 
organization in AWS Organizations. The company needs to monitor the current state of the 
controls across accounts. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Designate one account as the Amazon Inspector delegated administrator account from the 
Organizations management account. Integrate Inspector with Organizations to discover and scan 
resources across all AWS accounts. Enable Inspector industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS. 
B. Designate one account as the Amazon GuardDuty delegated administrator account from the 
Organizations management account. In the designated GuardDuty administrator account, enable 
GuardDuty to protect all member accounts. Enable GuardDuty industry standards for NIST and 
PCI DSS. 
C. Configure an AWS CloudTrail organization trail in the Organizations management account. 
Designate one account as the compliance account. Enable CloudTrail security standards for NIST 
and PCI DSS in the compliance account. 
D. Designate one account as the AWS Security Hub delegated administrator account from the 
Organizations management account. In the designated Security Hub administrator account, 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
430 
enable Security Hub for all member accounts. Enable Security Hub standards for NIST and PCI 
DSS. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/securityhub/latest/userguide/what-is-securityhub.html 
 
 
QUESTION 928 
A company uses an Amazon S3 bucket as its data lake storage platform. The S3 bucket contains 
a massive amount of data that is accessed randomly by multiple teams and hundreds of 
applications. The company wants to reduce the S3 storage costs and provide immediate 
availability for frequently accessed objects. 
 
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition objects to the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. 
B. Store objects in Amazon S3 Glacier. Use S3 Select to provide applications with access to the 
data. 
C. Use data from S3 storage class analysis to create S3 Lifecycle rules to automatically transition 
objects to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. 
D. Transition objects to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create 
an AWS Lambda function to transition objects to the S3 Standard storage class when they are 
accessed by an application. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/intelligent-tiering-managing.html 
 
 
QUESTION 929 
A company has 5 TB of datasets. The datasets consist of 1 million user profiles and 10 million 
connections. The user profiles have connections as many-to-many relationships. The company 
needs a performance efficient way to find mutual connections up to five levels. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to store the datasets. Use Amazon Athena to perform SQL JOIN 
queries to find connections. 
B. Use Amazon Neptune to store the datasets with edges and vertices. Query the data to find 
connections. 
C. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to store the datasets. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize 
connections. 
D. Use Amazon RDS to store the datasets with multiple tables. Perform SQL JOIN queries to find 
connections. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/neptune/latest/userguide/notebooks-visualization.html 
 
 
QUESTION 930 
A company needs a secure connection between its on-premises environment and AWS. This 
connection does not need high bandwidth and will handle a small amount of traffic. The 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
431 
connection should be set up quickly. 
 
What is the MOST cost-effective method to establish this type of connection? 
 
A. Implement a client VPN. 
B. Implement AWS Direct Connect. 
C. Implement a bastion host on Amazon EC2. 
D. Implement an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpn/latest/s2svpn/VPC_VPN.html 
 
 
QUESTION 931 
A company has an on-premises SFTP file transfer solution. The company is migrating to the AWS 
Cloud to scale the file transfer solution and to optimize costs by using Amazon S3. The 
company's employees will use their credentials for the on-premises Microsoft Active Directory 
(AD) to access the new solution. The company wants to keep the current authentication and file 
access mechanisms. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure an S3 File Gateway. Create SMB file shares on the file gateway that use the existing 
Active Directory to authenticate. 
B. Configure an Auto Scaling group with Amazon EC2 instances to run an SFTP solution. Configure 
the group to scale up at 60% CPU utilization. 
C. Create an AWS Transfer Family server with SFTP endpoints. Choose the AWS Directory Service 
option as the identity provider. Use AD Connector to connect the on-premises Active Directory. 
D. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP endpoint. Configure the endpoint to use the AWS 
Directory Service option as the identity provider to connect to the existing Active Directory. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/directory_ad_connector.html 
 
 
QUESTION 932 
A company is designing an event-driven order processing system. Each order requires multiple 
validation steps after the order is created. An idempotent AWS Lambda function performs each 
validation step. Each validation step is independent from the other validation steps. Individual 
validation steps need only a subset of the order event information. 
 
The company wants to ensure that each validation step Lambda function has access to only the 
information from the order event that the function requires. The components of the order 
processing system should be loosely coupled to accommodate future business changes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue for each validation step. Create 
a new Lambda function to transform the order data to the format that each validation step 
requires and to publish the messages to the appropriate SQS queues. Subscribe each validation 
step Lambda function to its corresponding SQS queue. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe the validation step 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
432 
Lambda functions to the SNS topic. Use message body filtering to send only the required data to 
each subscribed Lambda function. 
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge event bus. Create an event rule for each validation step. 
Configure the input transformer to send only the required data to each target validation step 
Lambda function. 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Create a new Lambda function 
to subscribe to the SQS queue and to transform the order data to the format that each validation 
step requires. Use the new Lambda function to perform synchronous invocations of the validation 
step Lambda functions in parallel on separate threads. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eventbridge/latest/userguide/eb-event-bus.html 
 
 
QUESTION 933 
A company is migrating a three-tier application to AWS. The application requires a MySQL 
database. In the past, the application users reported poor application performance when creating 
new entries. These performance issues were caused by users generating different real-time 
reports from the application during working hours. 
 
Which solution will improve the performance of the application when it is moved to AWS? 
 
A. Import the data into an Amazon DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity. Refactor the 
application to use DynamoDB for reports. 
B. Create the database on a compute optimized Amazon EC2 instance. Ensure compute resources 
exceed the on-premises database. 
C. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL Multi-AZ DB cluster with multiple read replicas. Configure the 
application to use the reader endpoint for reports. 
D. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL Multi-AZ DB cluster. Configure the application to use the 
backup instance of the cluster as an endpoint for the reports. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 934 
A company is expanding a secure on-premises network to the AWS Cloud by using an AWS 
Direct Connect connection. The on-premises network has no direct internet access. An 
application that runs on the on-premises network needs to use an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a public virtual interface (VIF). Route the AWS traffic over the public VIF. 
B. Create a VPC and a NAT gateway. Route the AWS traffic from the on-premises network to the 
NAT gateway. 
C. Create a VPC and an Amazon S3 interface endpoint. Route the AWS traffic from the on-premises 
network to the S3 interface endpoint. 
D. Create a VPC peering connection between the on-premises network and Direct Connect. Route 
the AWS traffic over the peering connection. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/privatelink-interface-endpoints.html 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
433 
 
QUESTION 935 
A company serves its website by using an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances in a 
single AWS Region. The website does not require a database. 
 
The company is expanding, and the company's engineering team deploys the website to a 
second Region. The company wants to distribute traffic across both Regions to accommodate 
growth and for disaster recovery purposes. The solution should not serve traffic from a Region in 
which the website is unhealthy. 
 
Which policy or resource should the company use to meet these requirements? 
 
A. An Amazon Route 53 simple routing policy 
B. An Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy 
C. An Application Load Balancer in one Region with a target group that specifies the EC2 instance 
IDs from both Regions 
D. An Application Load Balancer in one Region with a target group that specifies the IP addresses of 
the EC2 instances from both Regions 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy-multivalue.html 
 
 
QUESTION 936 
A company runs its applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are backed by Amazon Elastic 
Block Store (Amazon EBS). The EC2 instances run the most recent Amazon Linux release. The 
applications are experiencing availability issues when the company's employees store and 
retrieve files that are 25 GB or larger. The company needs a solution that does not require the 
company to transfer files between EC2 instances. The files must be available across many EC2 
instances and across multiple Availability Zones. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate all the files to an Amazon S3 bucket. Instruct the employees to access the files from the 
S3 bucket. 
B. Take a snapshot of the existing EBS volume. Mount the snapshot as an EBS volume across the 
EC2 instances. Instruct the employees to access the files from the EC2 instances. 
C. Mount an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system across all the EC2 instances. 
Instruct the employees to access the files from the EC2 instances. 
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the EC2 instances. Configure new EC2 instances 
from the AMI that use an instance store volume. Instruct the employees to access the files from 
the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 937 
A company is running a highly sensitive application on Amazon EC2 backed by an Amazon RDS 
database. Compliance regulations mandate that all personally identifiable information (PII) be 
encrypted at rest. 
 
Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement with the LEAST 
amount of changes to the infrastructure? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
434 
A. Deploy AWS Certificate Manager to generate certificates. Use the certificates to encrypt the 
database volume. 
B. Deploy AWS CloudHSM, generate encryption keys, and use the keys to encrypt database 
volumes. 
C. Configure SSL encryption using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt 
database volumes. 
D. Configure Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) encryption and Amazon RDS encryption 
with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt instance and database 
volumes. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 938 
A company runs an AWS Lambda function in private subnets in a VPC. The subnets have a 
default route to the internet through an Amazon EC2 NAT instance. The Lambda function 
processes input data and saves its output as an object to Amazon S3. 
 
Intermittently, the Lambda function times out while trying to upload the object because of 
saturated traffic on the NAT instance's network. The company wants to access Amazon S3 
without traversing the internet. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Replace the EC2 NAT instance with an AWS managed NAT gateway. 
B. Increase the size of the EC2 NAT instance in the VPC to a network optimized instance type. 
C. Provision a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPUpdate the route tables of the subnets 
accordingly. 
D. Provision a transit gateway. Place transit gateway attachments in the private subnets where the 
Lambda function is running. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 939 
A news company that has reporters all over the world is hosting its broadcast system on AWS. 
The reporters send live broadcasts to the broadcast system. The reporters use software on their 
phones to send live streams through the Real Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP). 
 
A solutions architect must design a solution that gives the reporters the ability to send the highest 
quality streams. The solution must provide accelerated TCP connections back to the broadcast 
system. 
 
What should the solutions architect use to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon CloudFront 
B. AWS Global Accelerator 
C. AWS Client VPN 
D. Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Elastic IP addresses 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 940 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
435 
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) to run 
its self-managed database. The company has 350 TB of data spread across all EBS volumes. 
The company takes daily EBS snapshots and keeps the snapshots for 1 month. The daily change 
rate is 5% of the EBS volumes. 
 
Because of new regulations, the company needs to keep the monthly snapshots for 7 years. The 
company needs to change its backup strategy to comply with the new regulations and to ensure 
that data is available with minimal administrative effort. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Keep the daily snapshot in the EBS snapshot standard tier for 1 month. Copy the monthly 
snapshot to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive with a 7-year retention period. 
B. Continue with the current EBS snapshot policy. Add a new policy to move the monthly snapshot 
to Amazon EBS Snapshots Archive with a 7-year retention period. 
C. Keep the daily snapshot in the EBS snapshot standard tier for 1 month. Keep the monthly 
snapshot in the standard tier for 7 years. Use incremental snapshots. 
D. Keep the daily snapshot in the EBS snapshot standard tier. Use EBS direct APIs to take 
snapshots of all the EBS volumes every month. Store the snapshots in an Amazon S3 bucket in 
the Infrequent Access tier for 7 years. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 941 
A company runs an application on several Amazon EC2 instances that store persistent data on 
an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. The company needs to replicate the 
data to another AWS Region by using an AWS managed service solution. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use the EFS-to-EFS backup solution to replicate the data to an EFS file system in another 
Region. 
B. Run a nightly script to copy data from the EFS file system to an Amazon S3 bucket. Enable S3 
Cross-Region Replication on the S3 bucket. 
C. Create a VPC in another Region. Establish a cross-Region VPC peer. Run a nightly rsync to copy 
data from the original Region to the new Region. 
D. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan with a rule that takes a daily backup and replicates it to 
another Region. Assign the EFS file system resource to the backup plan. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 942 
An ecommerce company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The workload 
currently consists of a web application and a backend Microsoft SQL database for storage. 
 
The company expects a high volume of customers during a promotional event. The new 
infrastructure in the AWS Cloud must be highly available and scalable. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Migrate the web application to two Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones behind 
an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
436 
with read replicas in both Availability Zones. 
B. Migrate the web application to an Amazon EC2 instance that runs in an Auto Scaling group 
across two Availability Zones behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to two 
EC2 instances across separate AWS Regions with database replication. 
C. Migrate the web application to Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group across 
two Availability Zones behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to Amazon 
RDS with Multi-AZ deployment. 
D. Migrate the web application to three Amazon EC2 instances across three Availability Zones 
behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to three EC2 instances across three 
Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 943 
A company has an on-premises business application that generates hundreds of files each day. 
These files are stored on an SMB file share and require a low-latency connection to the 
application servers. A new company policy states all application-generated files must be copied to 
AWS. There is already a VPN connection to AWS. 
 
The application development team does not have time to make the necessary code modifications 
to move the application to AWS. 
 
Which service should a solutions architect recommend to allow the application to copy files to 
AWS? 
 
A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server 
C. AWS Snowball 
D. AWS Storage Gateway 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/ 
 
 
QUESTION 944 
A company has 15 employees. The company stores employee start dates in an Amazon 
DynamoDB table. The company wants to send an email message to each employee on the day 
of the employee's work anniversary. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create a script that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. Use a cron job to run this 
script every day on an Amazon EC2 instance. 
B. Create a script that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. Use a cron job to run this 
script every day on an Amazon EC2 instance. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. 
Schedule this Lambda function to run every day. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple 
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. Schedule 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
437 
this Lambda function to run every day. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
SNS for sending mails 
Lambda to scan the database + send the message to the SNS topic. 
Using a script on a EC2 will add maintenance on both the EC2 and the script + cronjobs are not 
reliable and can be hard to monitor properly. 
 
 
QUESTION 945 
A company's application is running on Amazon EC2 instances within an Auto Scaling group 
behind an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer. Based on the application's history, the 
company anticipates a spike in traffic during a holiday each year. A solutions architect must 
design a strategy to ensure that the Auto Scaling group proactively increases capacity to 
minimize any performance impact on application users. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to scale up the EC2 instances when CPU utilization 
exceeds 90%. 
B. Create a recurring scheduled action to scale up the Auto Scaling group before the expected 
period of peak demand. 
C. Increase the minimum and maximum number of EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group during 
the peak demand period. 
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification to send alerts when 
there are autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCH events. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 946 
A company uses Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL databases for its data tier. The company must 
implement password rotation for the databases. 
 
Which solution meets this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Store the password in AWS Secrets Manager. Enable automatic rotation on the secret. 
B. Store the password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Enable automatic rotation on the 
parameter. 
C. Store the password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Write an AWS Lambda function 
that rotates the password. 
D. Store the password in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Enable automatic rotation on 
the AWS KMS key. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 947 
A company runs its application on Oracle Database Enterprise Edition. The company needs to 
migrate the application and the database to AWS. The company can use the Bring Your Own 
License (BYOL) model while migrating to AWS. The application uses third-party database 
features that require privileged access. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
438 
A solutions architect must design a solution for the database migration. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Oracle by using native tools. Replace the third-party 
features with AWS Lambda. 
B. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle by using native tools. Customize the 
new database settings to support the third-party features. 
C. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS 
DMS). Customize the new database settings to support the third-party features. 
D. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL by using AWS Database Migration Service 
(AWS DMS). Rewrite the application code to remove the dependency on third-party features. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 948 
A large international university has deployed all of its compute services in the AWS Cloud. These 
services include Amazon EC2, Amazon RDS, and Amazon DynamoDB. The university currently 
relies on many custom scripts to back up its infrastructure. However, the university wants to 
centralize management and automate data backups as much as possible by using AWS native 
options. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use third-party backup software with an AWS Storage Gateway tape gateway virtual tape library. 
B. Use AWS Backup to configure and monitor all backups for the services in use. 
C. Use AWS Config to set lifecycle management to take snapshots of all data sources on a 
schedule. 
D. Use AWS Systems Manager State Manager to manage the configuration and monitoring of 
backup tasks. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 949 
A company wants to build a map of its IT infrastructure to identify and enforce policies on 
resources that pose security risks. The company's security team must be able to query data in 
the IT infrastructure map and quickly identify security risks. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon RDS to store the data. Use SQL to query the data to identify security risks. 
B. Use Amazon Neptune to store the data. Use SPARQL to query the data to identify security risks. 
C. Use Amazon Redshift to store the data. Use SQL to query the data to identify security risks. 
D. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store the data. Use PartiQL to query the data to identify security 
risks. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Using Amazon Neptune with SPARQL, a query language for graph databases, allows the security 
team to easily query the data in the IT infrastructure map to identify security risks. SPARQL is 
specifically designed for querying graph data and allows for complex queries to traverse 
relationships between resources efficiently. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
439 
 
 
QUESTION 950 
A large company wants to provide its globally located developers separate, limited size, managed 
PostgreSQL databases for development purposes. The databases will be low volume. The 
developers need the databases only when they are actively working. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Give the developers the ability to launch separate Amazon Aurora instances. Set up a process to 
shut down Aurora instances at the end of the workday and to start Aurora instances at the 
beginning of the next workday. 
B. Develop an AWS Service Catalog product that enforces size restrictions for launching Amazon 
Aurora instances. Give the developers access to launch the product when they need a 
development database. 
C. Create an Amazon Aurora Serverless cluster. Develop an AWS Service Catalog product to 
launch databases in the cluster with the default capacity settings. Grant the developers access to 
the product. 
D. Monitor AWS Trusted Advisor checks for idle Amazon RDS databases. Create a process to 
terminate identified idle RDS databases. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
With AWS Service Catalog, you can meet your compliance requirements while making sure your 
customers can quickly deploy the cloud resources they need. 
 
 
QUESTION 951 
A company is building a web application that serves a content management system. The content 
management system runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer 
(ALB). The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Users 
are constantly adding and updating files, blogs, and other website assets in the content 
management system. 
 
A solutions architect must implement a solution in which all the EC2 instances share up-to-date 
website content with the least possible lag time. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Update the EC2 user data in the Auto Scaling group lifecycle policy to copy the website assets 
from the EC2 instance that was launched most recently. Configure the ALB to make changes to 
the website assets only in the newest EC2 instance. 
B. Copy the website assets to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Configure 
each EC2 instance to mount the EFS file system locally. Configure the website hosting 
application to reference the website assets that are stored in the EFS file system. 
C. Copy the website assets to an Amazon S3 bucket. Ensure that each EC2 instance downloads the 
website assets from the S3 bucket to the attached Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
volume. Run the S3 sync command once each hour to keep files up to date. 
D. Restore an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshot with the website assets. Attach 
the EBS snapshot as a secondary EBS volume when a new EC2 instance is launched. Configure 
the website hosting application to reference the website assets that are stored in the secondary 
EBS volume. 
 
Answer: B 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
440 
 
QUESTION 952 
A company's web application consists of multiple Amazon EC2 instances that run behind an 
Application Load Balancer in a VPC. An Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance contains the data. 
The company needs the ability to automatically detect and respond to suspicious or unexpected 
behavior in its AWS environment. The company already has added AWS WAF to its architecture. 
 
What should a solutions architect do next to protect against threats? 
 
A. Use Amazon GuardDuty to perform threat detection. Configure Amazon EventBridge to filter for 
GuardDuty findings and to invoke an AWS Lambda function to adjust the AWS WAF rules. 
B. Use AWS Firewall Manager to perform threat detection. Configure Amazon EventBridge to filter 
for Firewall Manager findings and to invoke an AWS Lambda function to adjust the AWS WAF 
web ACL. 
C. Use Amazon Inspector to perform threat detection and to update the AWS WAF rules. Create a 
VPC network ACL to limit access to the web application. 
D. Use Amazon Macie to perform threat detection and to update the AWS WAF rules. Create a VPC 
network ACL to limit access to the web application. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 953 
A company is planning to run a group of Amazon EC2 instances that connect to an Amazon 
Aurora database. The company has built an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy the EC2 
instances and the Aurora DB cluster. The company wants to allow the instances to authenticate 
to the database in a secure way. The company does not want to maintain static database 
credentials. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational effort? 
 
A. Create a database user with a user name and password. Add parameters for the database user 
name and password to the CloudFormation template. Pass the parameters to the EC2 instances 
when the instances are launched. 
B. Create a database user with a user name and password. Store the user name and password in 
AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Configure the EC2 instances to retrieve the database 
credentials from Parameter Store. 
C. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication. Create a database user to use with 
IAM authentication. Associate a role with the EC2 instances to allow applications on the instances 
to access the database. 
D. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication with an IAM user. Create a 
database user that has a name that matches the IAM user. Associate the IAM user with the EC2 
instances to allow applications on the instances to access the database. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 954 
A company wants to configure its Amazon CloudFront distribution to use SSL/TLS certificates. 
The company does not want to use the default domain name for the distribution. Instead, the 
company wants to use a different domain name for the distribution. 
 
Which solution will deploy the certificate without incurring any additional costs? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
441 
A. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-
east-1 Region. 
B. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-
west-1 Region. 
C. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-
east-1 Region. 
D. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-
west-1 Region. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/certificate-manager/pricing/ 
AWS Certificate Manager Pricing 
Public SSL/TLS certificates provisioned through AWS Certificate Manager are free. You pay only 
for the AWS resources you create to run your application. 
If you manage AWS Private Certificate Authority (CA) through ACM, refer to the AWS Private CA 
Pricing page for more details and examples. 
 
 
QUESTION 955 
A company creates operations data and stores the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. For the 
company's annual audit, an external consultant needs to access an annual report that is stored in 
the S3 bucket. The external consultant needs to access the report for 7 days. 
 
The company must implement a solution to allow the external consultant access to only the 
report. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create a new S3 bucket that is configured to host a public static website. Migrate the operations 
data to the new S3 bucket. Share the S3 website URL with the external consultant. 
B. Enable public access to the S3 bucket for 7 days. Remove access to the S3 bucket when the 
external consultant completes the audit. 
C. Create a new IAM user that has access to the report in the S3 bucket. Provide the access keys to 
the external consultant. Revoke the access keys after 7 days. 
D. Generate a presigned URL that has the required access to the location of the report on the S3 
bucket. Share the presigned URL with the external consultant. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 956 
A company plans to run a high performance computing (HPC) workload on Amazon EC2 
Instances. The workload requires low-latency network performance and high network throughput 
with tightly coupled node-to-node communication. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the EC2 instances to be part of a cluster placement group. 
B. Launch the EC2 instances with Dedicated Instance tenancy. 
C. Launch the EC2 instances as Spot Instances. 
D. Configure an On-Demand Capacity Reservation when the EC2 instances are launched. 
 
Answer: A 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
442 
 
 
QUESTION 957 
A company has primary and secondary data centers that are 500 miles (804.7 km) apart and 
interconnected with high-speed fiber-optic cable. The company needs a highly available and 
secure network connection between its data centers and a VPC on AWS for a mission-critical 
workload. A solutions architect must choose a connection solution that provides maximum 
resiliency. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Two AWS Direct Connect connections from the primary data center terminating at two Direct 
Connect locations on two separate devices 
B. A single AWS Direct Connect connection from each of the primary and secondary data centers 
terminating at one Direct Connect location on the same device 
C. Two AWS Direct Connect connections from each of the primary and secondary data centers 
terminating at two Direct Connect locations on two separate devices 
D. A single AWS Direct Connect connection from each of the primary and secondary data centers 
terminating at one Direct Connect location on two separate devices 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 958 
A company runs several Amazon RDS for Oracle On-Demand DB instances that have high 
utilization. The RDS DB instances run in member accounts that are in an organization in AWS 
Organizations. 
 
The company's finance team has access to the organization's management account and member 
accounts. The finance team wants to find ways to optimize costs by using AWS Trusted Advisor. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations in the management account. 
B. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations in the member accounts where the RDS DB instances 
are running. 
C. Review the Trusted Advisor checks for Amazon RDS Reserved Instance Optimization. 
D. Review the Trusted Advisor checks for Amazon RDS Idle DB Instances. 
E. Review the Trusted Advisor checks for compute optimization. Crosscheck the results by using 
AWS Compute Optimizer. 
 
Answer: AC 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awssupport/latest/user/organizational-view.html 
 
 
QUESTION 959 
A solutions architect is creating an application. The application will run on Amazon EC2 instances 
in private subnets across multiple Availability Zones in a VPC. The EC2 instances will frequently 
access large files that contain confidential information. These files are stored in Amazon S3 
buckets for processing. The solutions architect must optimize the network architecture to 
minimize data transfer costs. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
443 
 
A. Create a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC. In the route tables for the private subnets, 
add an entry for the gateway endpoint. 
B. Create a single NAT gateway in a public subnet. In the route tables for the private subnets, add a 
default route that points to the NAT gateway. 
C. Create an AWS PrivateLink interface endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPIn the route tables for the 
private subnets, add an entry for the interface endpoint. 
D. Create one NAT gateway for each Availability Zone in public subnets. In each of the route tables 
for the private subnets, add a default route that points to the NAT gateway in the same Availability 
Zone. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 960 
A company wants to relocate its on-premises MySQL database to AWS. The database accepts 
regular imports from a client-facing application, which causes a high volume of write operations. 
The company is concerned that the amount of traffic might be causing performance issues within 
the application. 
 
How should a solutions architect design the architecture on AWS? 
 
A. Provision an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with Provisioned IOPS SSD storage. Monitor 
write operation metrics by using Amazon CloudWatch. Adjust the provisioned IOPS if necessary. 
B. Provision an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with General Purpose SSD storage. Place an 
Amazon ElastiCache cluster in front of the DB instance. Configure the application to query 
ElastiCache instead. 
C. Provision an Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) instance with a memory 
optimized instance type. Monitor Amazon CloudWatch for performance-related issues. Change 
the instance class if necessary. 
D. Provision an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system in General Purpose 
performance mode. Monitor Amazon CloudWatch for IOPS bottlenecks. Change to Provisioned 
Throughput performance mode if necessary. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 961 
A company runs an application in the AWS Cloud that generates sensitive archival data files. The 
company wants to rearchitect the application's data storage. The company wants to encrypt the 
data files and to ensure that third parties do not have access to the data before the data is 
encrypted and sent to AWS. The company has already created an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the S3 bucket to use client-side encryption with an Amazon S3 managed encryption 
key. Configure the application to use the S3 bucket to store the archival files. 
B. Configure the S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). 
Configure the application to use the S3 bucket to store the archival files. 
C. Configure the S3 bucket to use dual-layer server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-
KMS). Configure the application to use the S3 bucket to store the archival files. 
D. Configure the application to use client-side encryption with a key stored in AWS Key Management 
Service (AWS KMS). Configure the application to store the archival files in the S3 bucket. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
444 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 962 
A company uses Amazon RDS with default backup settings for its database tier. The company 
needs to make a daily backup of the database to meet regulatory requirements. The company 
must retain the backups for 30 days. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Write an AWS Lambda function to create an RDS snapshot every day. 
B. Modify the RDS database to have a retention period of 30 days for automated backups. 
C. Use AWS Systems Manager Maintenance Windows to modify the RDS backup retention period. 
D. Create a manual snapshot every day by using the AWS CLI. Modify the RDS backup retention 
period. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 963 
A company that runs its application on AWS uses an Amazon Aurora DB cluster as its database. 
During peak usage hours when multiple users access and read the data, the monitoring system 
shows degradation of database performance for the write queries. The company wants to 
increase the scalability of the application to meet peak usage demands. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a second Aurora DB cluster. Configure a copy job to replicate the users' data to the new 
database. Update the application to use the second database to read the data. 
B. Create an Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster in front of the existing Aurora DB 
cluster. Update the application to use the DAX cluster for read-only queries. Write data directly to 
the Aurora DB cluster. 
C. Create an Aurora read replica in the existing Aurora DB cluster. Update the application to use the 
replica endpoint for read-only queries and to use the cluster endpoint for write queries. 
D. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Copy the users' data to the Redshift cluster. Update the 
application to connect to the Redshift cluster and to perform read-only queries on the Redshift 
cluster. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 964 
A company's near-real-time streaming application is running on AWS. As the data is ingested, a 
job runs on the data and takes 30 minutes to complete. The workload frequently experiences high 
latency due to large amounts of incoming data. A solutions architect needs to design a scalable 
and serverless solution to enhance performance. 
 
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to ingest the data. 
B. Use AWS Lambda with AWS Step Functions to process the data. 
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to ingest the data. 
D. Use Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group to process the data. 
E. Use AWS Fargate with Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to process the data. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
445 
 
Answer: AE 
 
 
QUESTION 965 
A company runs a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances in a VPC. The application 
needs to write sensitive data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data cannot be sent over the public 
internet. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Create a route in the VPC route table to the 
endpoint. 
B. Create an internal Network Load Balancer that has the S3 bucket as the target. 
C. Deploy the S3 bucket inside the VPCreate a route in the VPC route table to the bucket. 
D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the VPC and an S3 regional endpoint. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 966 
A company runs its production workload on Amazon EC2 instances with Amazon Elastic Block 
Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. A solutions architect needs to analyze the current EBS volume 
cost and to recommend optimizations. The recommendations need to include estimated monthly 
saving opportunities. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon Inspector reporting to generate EBS volume recommendations for optimization. 
B. Use AWS Systems Manager reporting to determine EBS volume recommendations for 
optimization. 
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics reporting to determine EBS volume recommendations for 
optimization. 
D. Use AWS Compute Optimizer to generate EBS volume recommendations for optimization. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
AWS Compute Optimizer helps avoid overprovisioning and underprovisioning four types of AWS 
resources - Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance types, Amazon Elastic Block Store 
(EBS) volumes, Amazon Elastic Container Service (ECS) services on AWS Fargate, and AWS 
Lambda functions - based on your utilization data. 
 
 
QUESTION 967 
A global company runs its workloads on AWS. The company's application uses Amazon S3 
buckets across AWS Regions for sensitive data storage and analysis. The company stores 
millions of objects in multiple S3 buckets daily. The company wants to identify all S3 buckets that 
are not versioning-enabled. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 Storage Lens to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across 
Regions. 
B. Enable IAM Access Analyzer for S3 to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
446 
across Regions. 
C. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled 
across Regions. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/s3-storage-lens/ 
 
 
QUESTION 968 
A company wants to enhance its ecommerce order-processing application that is deployed on 
AWS. The application must process each order exactly once without affecting the customer 
experience during unpredictable traffic surges. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Put all the orders in the 
SQS queue. Configure an AWS Lambda function as the target to process the orders. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) standard topic. Publish all the 
orders to the SNS standard topic. Configure the application as a notification target. 
C. Create a flow by using Amazon AppFlow. Send the orders to the flow. Configure an AWS Lambda 
function as the target to process the orders. 
D. Configure AWS X-Ray in the application to track the order requests. Configure the application to 
process the orders by pulling the orders from Amazon CloudWatch. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 969 
A company has two AWS accounts: Production and Development. The company needs to push 
code changes in the Development account to the Production account. In the alpha phase, only 
two senior developers on the development team need access to the Production account. In the 
beta phase, more developers will need access to perform testing. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create two policy documents by using the AWS Management Console in each account. Assign 
the policy to developers who need access. 
B. Create an IAM role in the Development account. Grant the IAM role access to the Production 
account. Allow developers to assume the role. 
C. Create an IAM role in the Production account. Define a trust policy that specifies the Development 
account. Allow developers to assume the role. 
D. Create an IAM group in the Production account. Add the group as a principal in a trust policy that 
specifies the Production account. Add developers to the group. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 970 
A company wants to restrict access to the content of its web application. The company needs to 
protect the content by using authorization techniques that are available on AWS. The company 
also wants to implement a serverless architecture for authorization and authentication that has 
low login latency. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
447 
The solution must integrate with the web application and serve web content globally. The 
application currently has a small user base, but the company expects the application's user base 
to increase. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure Amazon Cognito for authentication. Implement Lambda@Edge for authorization. 
Configure Amazon CloudFront to serve the web application globally. 
B. Configure AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Implement 
AWS Lambda for authorization. Use an Application Load Balancer to serve the web application 
globally. 
C. Configure Amazon Cognito for authentication. Implement AWS Lambda for authorization. Use 
Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration to serve the web application globally. 
D. Configure AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Implement 
Lambda@Edge for authorization. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to serve the web application 
globally. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 971 
A development team uses multiple AWS accounts for its development, staging, and production 
environments. Team members have been launching large Amazon EC2 instances that are 
underutilized. A solutions architect must prevent large instances from being launched in all 
accounts. 
 
How can the solutions architect meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Update the IAM policies to deny the launch of large EC2 instances. Apply the policies to all users. 
B. Define a resource in AWS Resource Access Manager that prevents the launch of large EC2 
instances. 
C. Create an IAM role in each account that denies the launch of large EC2 instances. Grant the 
developers IAM group access to the role. 
D. Create an organization in AWS Organizations in the management account with the default policy. 
Create a service control policy (SCP) that denies the launch of large EC2 instances, and apply it 
to the AWS accounts. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html 
 
 
QUESTION 972 
A company has migrated a fleet of hundreds of on-premises virtual machines (VMs) to Amazon 
EC2 instances. The instances run a diverse fleet of Windows Server versions along with several 
Linux distributions. The company wants a solution that will automate inventory and updates of the 
operating systems. The company also needs a summary of common vulnerabilities of each 
instance for regular monthly reviews. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to manage all the EC2 instances. Configure AWS 
Security Hub to produce monthly reports. 
B. Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to manage all the EC2 instances. Deploy Amazon 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
448 
Inspector, and configure monthly reports. 
C. Set up AWS Shield Advanced, and configure monthly reports. Deploy AWS Config to automate 
patch installations on the EC2 instances. 
D. Set up Amazon GuardDuty in the account to monitor all EC2 instances. Deploy AWS Config to 
automate patch installations on the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 973 
A company hosts its application in the AWS Cloud. The application runs on Amazon EC2 
instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer. The 
application connects to an Amazon DynamoDB table. 
 
For disaster recovery (DR) purposes, the company wants to ensure that the application is 
available from another AWS Region with minimal downtime. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST downtime? 
 
A. Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a 
global table. Configure DNS failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB. 
B. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances, ELBs, and DynamoDB tables 
to be launched when necessary. Configure DNS failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB. 
C. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances and an ELB to be launched 
when necessary. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover to 
point to the new DR Region's ELB. 
D. Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a 
global table. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm with an evaluation period of 10 minutes to 
invoke an AWS Lambda function that updates Amazon Route 53 to point to the DR Region's ELB. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region, configuring the DynamoDB table as 
a global table, and setting up DNS failover to the new ELB. This approach allows for quick 
failover since the infrastructure is already in place and only DNS needs to be updated to redirect 
traffic. 
 
 
QUESTION 974 
A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet. The application 
needs to store and retrieve data in Amazon S3 buckets. According to regulatory requirements, 
the data must not travel across the public internet. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Deploy a NAT gateway to access the S3 buckets. 
B. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway to access the S3 buckets. 
C. Deploy an S3 interface endpoint to access the S3 buckets. 
D. Deploy an S3 gateway endpoint to access the S3 buckets. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 975 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
449 
A company hosts an application on Amazon EC2 instances that run in a single Availability Zone. 
The application is accessible by using the transport layer of the Open Systems Interconnection 
(OSI) model. The company needs the application architecture to have high availability. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure new EC2 instances in a different Availability Zone. Use Amazon Route 53 to route 
traffic to all instances. 
B. Configure a Network Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instances. 
C. Configure a Network Load Balancer for TCP traffic to the instances. Configure an Application 
Load Balancer for HTTP and HTTPS traffic to the instances. 
D. Create an Auto Scaling group for the EC2 instances. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use 
multiple Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling group to run application health checks on 
the instances. 
E. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm. Configure the alarm to restart EC2 instances that 
transition to a stopped state. 
 
Answer: BD 
 
 
QUESTION 976 
A company uses Amazon S3 to host its static website. The company wants to add a contact form 
to the webpage. The contact form will have dynamic server-side components for users to input 
their name, email address, phone number, and user message. 
 
The company expects fewer than 100 site visits each month. The contact form must notify the 
company by email when a customer fills out the form. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Host the dynamic contact form in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Set up 
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to connect to a third-party email provider. 
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that returns the contact form from an AWS Lambda 
function. Configure another Lambda function on the API Gateway to publish a message to an 
Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. 
C. Host the website by using AWS Amplify Hosting for static content and dynamic content. Use 
server-side scripting to build the contact form. Configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon 
SQS) to deliver the message to the company. 
D. Migrate the website from Amazon S3 to Amazon EC2 instances that run Windows Server. Use 
Internet Information Services (IIS) for Windows Server to host the webpage. Use client-side 
scripting to build the contact form. Integrate the form with Amazon WorkMail. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 977 
A company creates dedicated AWS accounts in AWS Organizations for its business units. 
Recently, an important notification was sent to the root user email address of a business unit 
account instead of the assigned account owner. The company wants to ensure that all future 
notifications can be sent to different employees based on the notification categories of billing, 
operations, or security. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
450 
A. Configure each AWS account to use a single email address that the company manages. Ensure 
that all account owners can access the email account to receive notifications. Configure alternate 
contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the 
security team, and the operations team for each business unit. 
B. Configure each AWS account to use a different email distribution list for each business unit that 
the company manages. Configure each distribution list with administrator email addresses that 
can respond to alerts. Configure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding 
distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business 
unit. 
C. Configure each AWS account root user email address to be the individual company managed 
email address of one person from each business unit. Configure alternate contacts for each AWS 
account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the 
operations team for each business unit. 
D. Configure each AWS account root user to use email aliases that go to a centralized mailbox. 
Configure alternate contacts for each account by using a single business managed email 
distribution list each for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 978 
A company runs an ecommerce application on AWS. Amazon EC2 instances process purchases 
and store the purchase details in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster. 
 
Customers are experiencing application timeouts during times of peak usage. A solutions 
architect needs to rearchitect the application so that the application can scale to meet peak usage 
demands. 
 
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Configure an Auto Scaling group of new EC2 instances to retry the purchases until the processing 
is complete. Update the applications to connect to the DB cluster by using Amazon RDS Proxy. 
B. Configure the application to use an Amazon ElastiCache cluster in front of the Aurora 
PostgreSQL DB cluster. 
C. Update the application to send the purchase requests to an Amazon Simple Queue Service 
(Amazon SQS) queue. Configure an Auto Scaling group of new EC2 instances that read from the 
SQS queue. 
D. Configure an AWS Lambda function to retry the ticket purchases until the processing is complete. 
E. Configure an Amazon AP! Gateway REST API with a usage plan. 
 
Answer: AC 
 
 
QUESTION 979 
A company that uses AWS Organizations runs 150 applications across 30 different AWS 
accounts. The company used AWS Cost and Usage Report to create a new report in the 
management account. The report is delivered to an Amazon S3 bucket that is replicated to a 
bucket in the data collection account. 
 
The company's senior leadership wants to view a custom dashboard that provides NAT gateway 
costs each day starting at the beginning of the current month. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
451 
A. Share an Amazon QuickSight dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure 
QuickSight to use AWS DataSync to query the new report. 
B. Share an Amazon QuickSight dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure 
QuickSight to use Amazon Athena to query the new report. 
C. Share an Amazon CloudWatch dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure 
CloudWatch to use AWS DataSync to query the new report. 
D. Share an Amazon CloudWatch dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure 
CloudWatch to use Amazon Athena to query the new report. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 980 
A company is hosting a high-traffic static website on Amazon S3 with an Amazon CloudFront 
distribution that has a default TTL of 0 seconds. The company wants to implement caching to 
improve performance for the website. However, the company also wants to ensure that stale 
content is not served for more than a few minutes after a deployment. 
 
Which combination of caching methods should a solutions architect implement to meet these 
requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Set the CloudFront default TTL to 2 minutes. 
B. Set a default TTL of 2 minutes on the S3 bucket. 
C. Add a Cache-Control private directive to the objects in Amazon S3. 
D. Create an AWS Lambda@Edge function to add an Expires header to HTTP responses. Configure 
the function to run on viewer response. 
E. Add a Cache-Control max-age directive of 24 hours to the objects in Amazon S3. On deployment, 
create a CloudFront invalidation to clear any changed files from edge caches. 
 
Answer: AC 
 
 
QUESTION 981 
A company runs its application by using Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Lambda functions. The 
EC2 instances run in private subnets of a VPC. The Lambda functions need direct network 
access to the EC2 instances for the application to work. 
 
The application will run for 1 year. The number of Lambda functions that the application uses will 
increase during the 1-year period. The company must minimize costs on all application 
resources. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnets 
that contain the EC2 instances. 
B. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to new public subnets in 
the same VPC where the EC2 instances run. 
C. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnets that 
contain the EC2 instances. 
D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Keep the Lambda functions in the Lambda service VPC. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Compute Savings Plan: This plan offers significant discounts on Lambda functions compared to 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
452 
on-demand pricing. Since the application will run for a year, a sustained use discount like 
Compute Savings Plan is ideal. 
Private Subnets: Lambda functions in private subnets can directly access EC2 instances within 
the VPC without needing internet access, reducing security risks and potential egress costs. 
 
 
QUESTION 982 
A company has deployed a multi-account strategy on AWS by using AWS Control Tower. The 
company has provided individual AWS accounts to each of its developers. The company wants to 
implement controls to limit AWS resource costs that the developers incur. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Instruct each developer to tag all their resources with a tag that has a key of CostCenter and a 
value of the developer's name. Use the required-tags AWS Config managed rule to check for the 
tag. Create an AWS Lambda function to terminate resources that do not have the tag. Configure 
AWS Cost Explorer to send a daily report to each developer to monitor their spending. 
B. Use AWS Budgets to establish budgets for each developer account. Set up budget alerts for 
actual and forecast values to notify developers when they exceed or expect to exceed their 
assigned budget. Use AWS Budgets actions to apply a DenyAll policy to the developer's IAM role 
to prevent additional resources from being launched when the assigned budget is reached. 
C. Use AWS Cost Explorer to monitor and report on costs for each developer account. Configure 
Cost Explorer to send a daily report to each developer to monitor their spending. Use AWS Cost 
Anomaly Detection to detect anomalous spending and provide alerts. 
D. Use AWS Service Catalog to allow developers to launch resources within a limited cost range. 
Create AWS Lambda functions in each AWS account to stop running resources at the end of 
each work day. Configure the Lambda functions to resume the resources at the start of each work 
day. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Taking into consideration that AWS Budgets is allowing to will inform you that you exceeded 
budged and execute actions like for example IAM actions to prevent running new resources in 
cloud, I think this option is a good and resonable move. In case of need budged can be always 
increased and "chains" disabled. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cost-management/latest/userguide/budgets-controls.html 
 
 
QUESTION 983 
A solutions architect is designing a three-tier web application. The architecture consists of an 
internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB) and a web tier that is hosted on Amazon EC2 
instances in private subnets. The application tier with the business logic runs on EC2 instances in 
private subnets. The database tier consists of Microsoft SQL Server that runs on EC2 instances 
in private subnets. Security is a high priority for the company. 
 
Which combination of security group configurations should the solutions architect use? (Choose 
three.) 
 
A. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow inbound HTTPS traffic from the security 
group for the ALB. 
B. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow outbound HTTPS traffic to 0.0.0.0/0. 
C. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow inbound Microsoft SQL Server traffic 
from the security group for the application tier. 
D. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow outbound HTTPS traffic and Microsoft 
SQL Server traffic to the security group for the web tier. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
453 
E. Configure the security group for the application tier to allow inbound HTTPS traffic from the 
security group for the web tier. 
F. Configure the security group for the application tier to allow outbound HTTPS traffic and Microsoft 
SQL Server traffic to the security group for the web tier. 
 
Answer: ACE 
Explanation: 
Security Group is protecting instances, it's statefull. by defoult is allowing for outgoing traffic but 
not incomming. 
hence we need to allow for inboud traffic. path looks like below 
ALB >>HTTPS>> WEB tier >>HTTPS>> Application >>SQL traffic>> SQL DB 
hence we need allow for 
incoming https traffic on web tier 
then 
incomming http on app tier 
and on the end for 
incomming sql traffic on DB tier 
 
 
QUESTION 984 
A company has released a new version of its production application. The company's workload 
uses Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, AWS Fargate, and Amazon SageMaker. 
 
The company wants to cost optimize the workload now that usage is at a steady state. The 
company wants to cover the most services with the fewest savings plans. 
 
Which combination of savings plans will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan for Amazon EC2 and SageMaker. 
B. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan for Amazon EC2, Lambda, and SageMaker. 
C. Purchase a SageMaker Savings Plan. 
D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan for Lambda, Fargate, and Amazon EC2. 
E. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan for Amazon EC2 and Fargate. 
 
Answer: CD 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/ml-pricing/ 
https://aws.amazon.com/savingsplans/compute-pricing/ 
 
 
QUESTION 985 
A company uses a Microsoft SQL Server database. The company's applications are connected to 
the database. The company wants to migrate to an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database with 
minimal changes to the application code. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to rewrite the SQL queries in the 
applications. 
B. Enable Babelfish on Aurora PostgreSQL to run the SQL queries from the applications. 
C. Migrate the database schema and data by using the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) 
and AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). 
D. Use Amazon RDS Proxy to connect the applications to Aurora PostgreSQL. 
E. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to rewrite the SQL queries in the applications. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
454 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 
DMS will allow for DATABASE migration and use AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to 
create some or all of the target tables, indexes, views, triggers, and so on. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/Welcome.html 
To minimalize amount of code which need to me changes we need to use babelfish 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/babelfish/ 
 
 
QUESTION 986 
A company plans to rehost an application to Amazon EC2 instances that use Amazon Elastic 
Block Store (Amazon EBS) as the attached storage. 
 
A solutions architect must design a solution to ensure that all newly created Amazon EBS 
volumes are encrypted by default. The solution must also prevent the creation of unencrypted 
EBS volumes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the EC2 account attributes to always encrypt new EBS volumes. 
B. Use AWS Config. Configure the encrypted-volumes identifier. Apply the default AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) key. 
C. Configure AWS Systems Manager to create encrypted copies of the EBS volumes. Reconfigure 
the EC2 instances to use the encrypted volumes. 
D. Create a customer managed key in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Configure AWS 
Migration Hub to use the key when the company migrates workloads. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/ebs-automatic-encryption 
 
 
QUESTION 987 
An ecommerce company wants to collect user clickstream data from the company's website for 
real-time analysis. The website experiences fluctuating traffic patterns throughout the day. The 
company needs a scalable solution that can adapt to varying levels of traffic. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams in on-demand mode to capture the 
clickstream data. Use AWS Lambda to process the data in real time. 
B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Glue to process 
the data in real time. 
C. Use Amazon Kinesis Video Streams to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Glue to process 
the data in real time. 
D. Use Amazon Managed Service for Apache Flink (previously known as Amazon Kinesis Data 
Analytics) to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Lambda to process the data in real time. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Apache Flink (previously known as Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics) seems to not allowing sent 
data directly to Lambda... 
Glue is allowing to integrate data from couple of sources in to one. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-kinesis.html 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
455 
https://aws.amazon.com/kinesis/data-streams/features/?nc=sn&loc=2 
 
 
QUESTION 988 
A global company runs its workloads on AWS. The company's application uses Amazon S3 
buckets across AWS Regions for sensitive data storage and analysis. The company stores 
millions of objects in multiple S3 buckets daily. The company wants to identify all S3 buckets that 
are not versioning-enabled. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Set up an AWS CloudTrail event that has a rule to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-
enabled across Regions. 
B. Use Amazon S3 Storage Lens to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across 
Regions. 
C. Enable IAM Access Analyzer for S3 to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled 
across Regions. 
D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled 
across Regions. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
S3 Sorage Lens "can also identify buckets that aren't following data-protection best practices, 
such as using S3 Replication or S3 Versioning. " 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/storage_lens_basics_metrics_recomm
endations.html 
 
 
QUESTION 989 
A company needs to optimize its Amazon S3 storage costs for an application that generates 
many files that cannot be recreated. Each file is approximately 5 MB and is stored in Amazon S3 
Standard storage. 
 
The company must store the files for 4 years before the files can be deleted. The files must be 
immediately accessible. The files are frequently accessed in the first 30 days of object creation, 
but they are rarely accessed after the first 30 days. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move the files to S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval 30 days after object 
creation. Delete the files 4 years after object creation. 
B. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move the files to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-
IA) 30 days after object creation. Delete the files 4 years after object creation. 
C. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move the files to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-
IA) 30 days after object creation. Delete the files 4 years after object creation. 
D. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move the files to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-
IA) 30 days after object creation. Move the files to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval 4 years after 
object creation. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Requirements: 
- frequently accessed for 30 days 
- lower cost 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
456 
Features for S3 Standard-IA: 
- Infrequently accessed objects 
- Milliseconds to acces 
 
 
QUESTION 990 
A company runs its critical storage application in the AWS Cloud. The application uses Amazon 
S3 in two AWS Regions. The company wants the application to send remote user data to the 
nearest S3 bucket with no public network congestion. The company also wants the application to 
fail over with the least amount of management of Amazon S3. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Implement an active-active design between the two Regions. Configure the application to use the 
regional S3 endpoints closest to the user. 
B. Use an active-passive configuration with S3 Multi-Region Access Points. Create a global endpoint 
for each of the Regions. 
C. Send user data to the regional S3 endpoints closest to the user. Configure an S3 cross-account 
replication rule to keep the S3 buckets synchronized. 
D. Set up Amazon S3 to use Multi-Region Access Points in an active-active configuration with a 
single global endpoint. Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Using a Multi-region Accesspoint in an Active-Active setup will send data to the closest Region, 
without accessing the internet: "send remote user data to the nearest S3 bucket with no public 
network congestion" 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/MultiRegionAccessPoints.html 
 
 
QUESTION 991 
A company is migrating a data center from its on-premises location to AWS. The company has 
several legacy applications that are hosted on individual virtual servers. Changes to the 
application designs cannot be made. 
 
Each individual virtual server currently runs as its own EC2 instance. A solutions architect needs 
to ensure that the applications are reliable and fault tolerant after migration to AWS. The 
applications will run on Amazon EC2 instances. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that has a minimum of one and a maximum of one. Create an 
Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of each application instance. Use the AMI to create EC2 instances 
in the Auto Scaling group Configure an Application Load Balancer in front of the Auto Scaling 
group. 
B. Use AWS Backup to create an hourly backup of the EC2 instance that hosts each application. 
Store the backup in Amazon S3 in a separate Availability Zone. Configure a disaster recovery 
process to restore the EC2 instance for each application from its most recent backup. 
C. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of each application instance. Launch two new EC2 
instances from the AMI. Place each EC2 instance in a separate Availability Zone. Configure a 
Network Load Balancer that has the EC2 instances as targets. 
D. Use AWS Mitigation Hub Refactor Spaces to migrate each application off the EC2 instance. 
Break down functionality from each application into individual components. Host each application 
on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with an AWS Fargate launch type. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
457 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 992 
A company wants to isolate its workloads by creating an AWS account for each workload. The 
company needs a solution that centrally manages networking components for the workloads. The 
solution also must create accounts with automatic security controls (guardrails). 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS Control Tower to deploy accounts. Create a networking account that has a VPC with 
private subnets and public subnets. Use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) to share 
the subnets with the workload accounts. 
B. Use AWS Organizations to deploy accounts. Create a networking account that has a VPC with 
private subnets and public subnets. Use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) to share 
the subnets with the workload accounts. 
C. Use AWS Control Tower to deploy accounts. Deploy a VPC in each workload account. Configure 
each VPC to route through an inspection VPC by using a transit gateway attachment. 
D. Use AWS Organizations to deploy accounts. Deploy a VPC in each workload account. Configure 
each VPC to route through an inspection VPC by using a transit gateway attachment. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
AWS Control Tower provides a pre-packaged set of guardrails (policies) and blueprints (best-
practice configurations) to ensure that the environment complies with security and compliance 
standards. Its designed to simplify the process of creating and managing a multi-account AWS 
environment while maintaining security and compliance. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/what-is-control-tower.html 
 
 
QUESTION 993 
A company hosts a website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer 
(ALB). The website serves static content. Website traffic is increasing. The company wants to 
minimize the website hosting costs. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Move the website to an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the 
S3 bucket. 
B. Move the website to an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an Amazon ElastiCache cluster for the S3 
bucket. 
C. Move the website to AWS Amplify. Configure an ALB to resolve to the Amplify website. 
D. Move the website to AWS Amplify. Configure EC2 instances to cache the website. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Amazon CloudFront: 
Uses the durable storage of Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) - This solution creates 
an Amazon S3 bucket to host your static websites content. To update your website, just upload 
your new files to the S3 bucket. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/getting-started-secure-
static-website-cloudformation-template.html 
 
 
QUESTION 994 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
458 
A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a media application that the company 
hosts on AWS. The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access stored data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Create an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway. Create a file share that uses the required 
client protocol. Connect the application server to the file share. 
B. Create an AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway. Configure tapes to use Amazon S3. Connect 
the application server to the Tape Gateway. 
C. Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance. Install and configure a Windows file share role on the 
instance. Connect the application server to the file share. 
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Connect the application server to the 
file system. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/fsx/windows/ 
 
 
QUESTION 995 
A company is designing its production application's disaster recovery (DR) strategy. The 
application is backed by a MySQL database on an Amazon Aurora cluster in the us-east-1 
Region. The company has chosen the us-west-1 Region as its DR Region. 
 
The company's target recovery point objective (RPO) is 5 minutes and the target recovery time 
objective (RTO) is 20 minutes. The company wants to minimize configuration changes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create an Aurora read replica in us-west-1 similar in size to the production application's Aurora 
MySQL cluster writer instance. 
B. Convert the Aurora cluster to an Aurora global database. Configure managed failover. 
C. Create a new Aurora cluster in us-west-1 that has Cross-Region Replication. 
D. Create a new Aurora cluster in us-west-1. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to 
sync both clusters. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
Cross-Region disaster recovery 
If your primary Region suffers a performance degradation or outage, you can promote one of the 
secondary Regions to take read/write responsibilities. An Aurora cluster can recover in less than 
1 minute, even in the event of a complete Regional outage. This provides your application with an 
effective recovery point objective (RPO) of 1 second and a recovery time objective (RTO) of less 
than 1 minute, providing a strong foundation for a global business continuity plan. 
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/global-database/ 
 
 
QUESTION 996 
A company runs a critical data analysis job each week before the first day of the work week. The 
job requires at least 1 hour to complete the analysis. The job is stateful and cannot tolerate 
interruptions. The company needs a solution to run the job on AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
459 
A. Create a container for the job. Schedule the job to run as an AWS Fargate task on an Amazon 
Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster by using Amazon EventBridge Scheduler. 
B. Configure the job to run in an AWS Lambda function. Create a scheduled rule in Amazon 
EventBridge to invoke the Lambda function. 
C. Configure an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances that run Amazon Linux. 
Configure a crontab entry on the instances to run the analysis. 
D. Configure an AWS DataSync task to run the job. Configure a cron expression to run the task on a 
schedule. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 997 
A company runs workloads in the AWS Cloud. The company wants to centrally collect security 
data to assess security across the entire company and to improve workload protection. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort? 
 
A. Configure a data lake in AWS Lake Formation. Use AWS Glue crawlers to ingest the security 
data into the data lake. 
B. Configure an AWS Lambda function to collect the security data in .csv format. Upload the data to 
an Amazon S3 bucket. 
C. Configure a data lake in Amazon Security Lake to collect the security data. Upload the data to an 
Amazon S3 bucket. 
D. Configure an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication instance to load the 
security data into an Amazon RDS cluster. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon Security Lake automatically centralizes security data from AWS environments, you can 
get a more complete understanding of your security data across your entire organization. You can 
also improve the protection. 
 
 
QUESTION 998 
A company is migrating five on-premises applications to VPCs in the AWS Cloud. Each 
application is currently deployed in isolated virtual networks on premises and should be deployed 
similarly in the AWS Cloud. The applications need to reach a shared services VPC. All the 
applications must be able to communicate with each other. 
 
If the migration is successful, the company will repeat the migration process for more than 100 
applications. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Deploy software VPN tunnels between the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. Add 
routes between the application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC. 
B. Deploy VPC peering connections between the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. 
Add routes between the application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC through the 
peering connection. 
C. Deploy an AWS Direct Connect connection between the application VPCs and the shared 
services VPAdd routes from the application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC 
and the applications VPCs. Add routes from the shared services VPC subnets to the applications 
VPCs. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
460 
D. Deploy a transit gateway with associations between the transit gateway and the application VPCs 
and the shared services VPC. Add routes between the application VPCs in their subnets and the 
application VPCs to the shared services VPC through the transit gateway. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
It will allow for inter-VPC communication for all 5 applications/VPC, reach shared resource/VPC 
and in the future it will be easy to allow for inter-communication between even 100 VPCs 
(applications). 
https://aws.amazon.com/transit-gateway/ 
 
 
QUESTION 999 
A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to run its on-premises 
application in a hybrid environment. The application currently runs on containers on premises. 
 
The company needs a single container solution that can scale in an on-premises, hybrid, or cloud 
environment. The company must run new application containers in the AWS Cloud and must use 
a load balancer for HTTP traffic. 
 
Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type for the cloud application 
containers. Use an Amazon ECS Anywhere external launch type for the on-premises application 
containers. 
B. Set up an Application Load Balancer for cloud ECS services. 
C. Set up a Network Load Balancer for cloud ECS services. 
D. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type. Use Fargate for the cloud 
application containers and the on-premises application containers. 
E. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the Amazon EC2 launch type for the cloud application 
containers. Use Amazon ECS Anywhere with an AWS Fargate launch type for the on-premises 
application containers. 
 
Answer: AB 
Explanation: 
We need to load-balance HTTP traffic hence Application Load Balancer is needed. Because 
Customer want to use container solution we need to use ECS with Fargate which will lunch cloud 
applications. To run on-premises applications in containers we need to use ECS Anyware. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/AWS_Fargate.html 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/Welcome.html 
 
 
QUESTION 1000 
A company is migrating its workloads to AWS. The company has sensitive and critical data in on-
premises relational databases that run on SQL Server instances. 
 
The company wants to use the AWS Cloud to increase security and reduce operational overhead 
for the databases. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the databases to Amazon EC2 instances. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS 
KMS) AWS managed key for encryption. 
B. Migrate the databases to a Multi-AZ Amazon RDS for SQL Server DB instance. Use an AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key for encryption. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
461 
C. Migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon Macie to ensure data security. 
D. Migrate the databases to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to ensure 
data security. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1001 
A company wants to migrate an application to AWS. The company wants to increase the 
application's current availability. The company wants to use AWS WAF in the application's 
architecture. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Auto Scaling group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that host the 
application across two Availability Zones. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and set 
the Auto Scaling group as the target. Connect a WAF to the ALB. 
B. Create a cluster placement group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that hosts the 
application. Configure an Application Load Balancer and set the EC2 instances as the targets. 
Connect a WAF to the placement group. 
C. Create two Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability Zones. 
Configure the EC2 instances as the targets of an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Connect a 
WAF to the ALB. 
D. Create an Auto Scaling group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that host the 
application across two Availability Zones. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and set 
the Auto Scaling group as the target. Connect a WAF to the Auto Scaling group. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1002 
A company manages a data lake in an Amazon S3 bucket that numerous applications access. 
The S3 bucket contains a unique prefix for each application. The company wants to restrict each 
application to its specific prefix and to have granular control of the objects under each prefix. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create dedicated S3 access points and access point policies for each application. 
B. Create an S3 Batch Operations job to set the ACL permissions for each object in the S3 bucket. 
C. Replicate the objects in the S3 bucket to new S3 buckets for each application. Create replication 
rules by prefix. 
D. Replicate the objects in the S3 bucket to new S3 buckets for each application. Create dedicated 
S3 access points for each application. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/access-points-policies.html 
 
 
QUESTION 1003 
A company has an application that customers use to upload images to an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Each night, the company launches an Amazon EC2 Spot Fleet that processes all the images that 
the company received that day. The processing for each image takes 2 minutes and requires 512 
MB of memory. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
462 
 
A solutions architect needs to change the application to process the images when the images are 
uploaded. 
 
Which change will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use S3 Event Notifications to write a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Queue 
Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure an AWS Lambda function to read the messages from 
the queue and to process the images. 
B. Use S3 Event Notifications to write a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Queue 
Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure an EC2 Reserved Instance to read the messages from 
the queue and to process the images. 
C. Use S3 Event Notifications to publish a message with image details to an Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure a container instance in Amazon Elastic 
Container Service (Amazon ECS) to subscribe to the topic and to process the images. 
D. Use S3 Event Notifications to publish a message with image details to an Amazon Simple 
Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application to 
subscribe to the topic and to process the images. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
When using SQS we will be sure that all images will be processed and hence to process we need 
2 min and 512 MB of memory (Lambda is allowing upto 15 min and upto10K MB) Lambda should 
be perfect scalable solution which will allow for almost in real time image processing. 
 
 
QUESTION 1004 
A company wants to improve the availability and performance of its hybrid application. The 
application consists of a stateful TCP-based workload hosted on Amazon EC2 instances in 
different AWS Regions and a stateless UDP-based workload hosted on premises. 
 
Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to improve availability and 
performance? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator. Add the load balancers as endpoints. 
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon Route 53 latency-
based routing to route requests to the load balancers. 
C. Configure two Application Load Balancers in each Region. The first will route to the EC2 
endpoints, and the second will route to the on-premises endpoints. 
D. Configure a Network Load Balancer in each Region to address the EC2 endpoints. Configure a 
Network Load Balancer in each Region that routes to the on-premises endpoints. 
E. Configure a Network Load Balancer in each Region to address the EC2 endpoints. Configure an 
Application Load Balancer in each Region that routes to the on-premises endpoints. 
 
Answer: AD 
 
 
QUESTION 1005 
A company runs a self-managed Microsoft SQL Server on Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon 
Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS). Daily snapshots are taken of the EBS volumes. 
 
Recently, all the company's EBS snapshots were accidentally deleted while running a snapshot 
cleaning script that deletes all expired EBS snapshots. A solutions architect needs to update the 
architecture to prevent data loss without retaining EBS snapshots indefinitely. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
463 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort? 
 
A. Change the IAM policy of the user to deny EBS snapshot deletion. 
B. Copy the EBS snapshots to another AWS Region after completing the snapshots daily. 
C. Create a 7-day EBS snapshot retention rule in Recycle Bin and apply the rule for all snapshots. 
D. Copy EBS snapshots to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/new-recycle-bin-for-ebs-snapshots/ 
 
 
QUESTION 1006 
A company wants to use an AWS CloudFormation stack for its application in a test environment. 
The company stores the CloudFormation template in an Amazon S3 bucket that blocks public 
access. The company wants to grant CloudFormation access to the template in the S3 bucket 
based on specific user requests to create the test environment. The solution must follow security 
best practices. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use the 
S3 object URL. 
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API that has the S3 bucket as the target. Configure the 
CloudFormation stack to use the API Gateway URL. 
C. Create a presigned URL for the template object. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use the 
presigned URL. 
D. Allow public access to the template object in the S3 bucket. Block the public access after the test 
environment is created. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ShareObjectPreSignedURL.html 
 
 
QUESTION 1007 
A company has applications that run in an organization in AWS Organizations. The company 
outsources operational support of the applications. The company needs to provide access for the 
external support engineers without compromising security. 
 
The external support engineers need access to the AWS Management Console. The external 
support engineers also need operating system access to the company's fleet ofAmazon EC2 
instances that run Amazon Linux in private subnets. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely? 
 
A. Confirm that AWS Systems Manager Agent (SSM Agent) is installed on all instances. Assign an 
instance profile with the necessary policy to connect to Systems Manager. Use AWS IAM Identity 
Center to provide the external support engineers console access. Use Systems Manager Session 
Manager to assign the required permissions. 
B. Confirm that AWS Systems Manager Agent (SSM Agent) is installed on all instances. Assign an 
instance profile with the necessary policy to connect to Systems Manager. Use Systems Manager 
Session Manager to provide local IAM user credentials in each AWS account to the external 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
464 
support engineers for console access. 
C. Confirm that all instances have a security group that allows SSH access only from the external 
support engineers' source IP address ranges. Provide local IAM user credentials in each AWS 
account to the external support engineers for console access. Provide each external support 
engineer an SSH key pair to log in to the application instances. 
D. Create a bastion host in a public subnet. Set up the bastion host security group to allow access 
from only the external engineers' IP address ranges. Ensure that all instances have a security 
group that allows SSH access from the bastion host. Provide each external support engineer an 
SSH key pair to log in to the application instances. Provide local account IAM user credentials to 
the engineers for console access. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
Systems Manager Session Manager allows secure, auditable, and controlled access to your EC2 
instances without needing to open SSH ports or manage SSH keys, reducing the attack surface. 
Local IAM user credentials are less secure and harder to manage at scale compared to using 
IAM Identity Center. 
 
 
QUESTION 1008 
A company uses Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL to run its applications in the us-east-1 Region. 
The company also uses machine learning (ML) models to forecast annual revenue based on near 
real-time reports. The reports are generated by using the same RDS for PostgreSQL database. 
The database performance slows during business hours. The company needs to improve 
database performance. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create a cross-Region read replica. Configure the reports to be generated from the read replica. 
B. Activate Multi-AZ DB instance deployment for RDS for PostgreSQL. Configure the reports to be 
generated from the standby database. 
C. Use AWS Data Migration Service (AWS DMS) to logically replicate data to a new database. 
Configure the reports to be generated from the new database. 
D. Create a read replica in us-east-1. Configure the reports to be generated from the read replica. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
Read replicas are typically less expensive than setting up a cross-Region replica or activating 
Multi-AZ deployments. You only pay for the additional read replica, without the overhead costs 
associated with cross-Region data transfer or maintaining a synchronous standby in Multi-AZ 
setups. 
 
 
QUESTION 1009 
A company hosts its multi-tier, public web application in the AWS Cloud. The web application 
runs on Amazon EC2 instances, and its database runs on Amazon RDS. The company is 
anticipating a large increase in sales during an upcoming holiday weekend. A solutions architect 
needs to build a solution to analyze the performance of the web application with a granularity of 
no more than 2 minutes. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement? 
 
A. Send Amazon CloudWatch logs to Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon QuickS ght to perform further 
analysis. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
465 
B. Enable detailed monitoring on all EC2 instances. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to perform 
further analysis. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to fetch EC2 logs from Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Use Amazon 
CloudWatch metrics to perform further analysis. 
D. Send EC2 logs to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Redshift to fetch logs from the S3 bucket to process 
raw data for further analysis with Amazon QuickSight. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-cloudwatch-new.html 
 
 
QUESTION 1010 
A company runs an application that stores and shares photos. Users upload the photos to an 
Amazon S3 bucket. Every day, users upload approximately 150 photos. The company wants to 
design a solution that creates a thumbnail of each new photo and stores the thumbnail in a 
second S3 bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule to invoke a script every minute on a long-
running Amazon EMR cluster. Configure the script to generate thumbnails for the photos that do 
not have thumbnails. Configure the script to upload the thumbnails to the second S3 bucket. 
B. Configure an Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule to invoke a script every minute on a memory-
optimized Amazon EC2 instance that is always on. Configure the script to generate thumbnails for 
the photos that do not have thumbnails. Configure the script to upload the thumbnails to the 
second S3 bucket. 
C. Configure an S3 event notification to invoke an AWS Lambda function each time a user uploads a 
new photo to the application. Configure the Lambda function to generate a thumbnail and to 
upload the thumbnail to the second S3 bucket. 
D. Configure S3 Storage Lens to invoke an AWS Lambda function each time a user uploads a new 
photo to the application. Configure the Lambda function to generate a thumbnail and to upload 
the thumbnail to a second S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1011 
A company has stored millions of objects across multiple prefixes in an Amazon S3 bucket by 
using the Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class. The company needs to delete all data 
older than 3 years except for a subset of data that must be retained. The company has identified 
the data that must be retained and wants to implement a serverless solution. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use S3 Inventory to list all objects. Use the AWS CLI to create a script that runs on an Amazon 
EC2 instance that deletes objects from the inventory list. 
B. Use AWS Batch to delete objects older than 3 years except for the data that must be retained. 
C. Provision an AWS Glue crawler to query objects older than 3 years. Save the manifest file of old 
objects. Create a script to delete objects in the manifest. 
D. Enable S3 Inventory. Create an AWS Lambda function to filter and delete objects. Invoke the 
Lambda function with S3 Batch Operations to delete objects by using the inventory reports. 
 
Answer: D 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
466 
 
 
QUESTION 1012 
A company is building an application on AWS. The application uses multiple AWS Lambda 
functions to retrieve sensitive data from a single Amazon S3 bucket for processing. The company 
must ensure that only authorized Lambda functions can access the data. The solution must 
comply with the principle of least privilege. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Grant full S3 bucket access to all Lambda functions through a shared IAM role. 
B. Configure the Lambda functions to run within a VPC. Configure a bucket policy to grant access 
based on the Lambda functions' VPC endpoint IP addresses. 
C. Create individual IAM roles for each Lambda function. Grant the IAM roles access to the S3 
bucket. Assign each IAM role as the Lambda execution role for its corresponding Lambda 
function. 
D. Configure a bucket policy granting access to the Lambda functions based on their function ARNs. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1013 
A company has developed a non-production application that is composed of multiple 
microservices for each of the company's business units. A single development team maintains all 
the microservices. 
 
The current architecture uses a static web frontend and a Java-based backend that contains the 
application logic. The architecture also uses a MySQL database that the company hosts on an 
Amazon EC2 instance. 
 
The company needs to ensure that the application is secure and available globally. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon CloudFront and AWS Amplify to host the static web frontend. Refactor the 
microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that the microservices access by using Amazon API 
Gateway. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance. 
B. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the 
microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that the microservices access by using Amazon API 
Gateway. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL. 
C. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the 
microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that are in a target group behind a Network Load 
Balancer. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL. 
D. Use Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda 
functions that are in a target group behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the MySQL 
database to an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1014 
A video game company is deploying a new gaming application to its global users. The company 
requires a solution that will provide near real-time reviews and rankings of the players. 
 
A solutions architect must design a solution to provide fast access to the data. The solution must 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
467 
also ensure the data persists on disks in the event that the company restarts the application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin. Store the 
player data in the S3 bucket. 
B. Create Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions. Store the player data on the EC2 
instances. Configure Amazon Route 53 with geolocation records to direct users to the closest 
EC2 instance. 
C. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis duster. Store the player data in the ElastiCache cluster. 
D. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached duster. Store the player data in the ElastiCache 
cluster. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
Amazon ElastiCache for Redis provides in-memory caching which ensures low latency and high 
throughput, perfect for near real-time access to player reviews and rankings. 
Redis supports data persistence by snapshotting data to disk (RDB snapshots) and appending 
changes to a log (AOF), ensuring that the data is not lost even if the application restarts. 
 
 
QUESTION 1015 
A company is designing an application on AWS that processes sensitive data. The application 
stores and processes financial data for multiple customers. 
 
To meet compliance requirements, the data for each customer must be encrypted separately at 
rest by using a secure, centralized key management solution. The company wants to use AWS 
Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to implement encryption. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Generate a unique encryption key for each customer. Store the keys in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
Enable server-side encryption. 
B. Deploy a hardware security appliance in the AWS environment that securely stores customer-
provided encryption keys. Integrate the security appliance with AWS KMS to encrypt the sensitive 
data in the application. 
C. Create a single AWS KMS key to encrypt all sensitive data across the application. 
D. Create separate AWS KMS keys for each customer's data that have granular access control and 
logging enabled. 
 
Answer: D 
Explanation: 
While enabling server-side encryption in S3 can manage encryption, it does not offer the same 
level of control and auditing as AWS KMS. Managing individual keys manually in S3 would also 
increase operational overhead. 
 
 
QUESTION 1016 
A company needs to design a resilient web application to process customer orders. The web 
application must automatically handle increases in web traffic and application usage without 
affecting the customer experience or losing customer orders. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
468 
A. Use a NAT gateway to manage web traffic. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups to receive, 
process, and store processed customer orders. Use an AWS Lambda function to capture and 
store unprocessed orders. 
B. Use a Network Load Balancer (NLB) to manage web traffic. Use an Application Load Balancer to 
receive customer orders from the NLUse Amazon Redshift with a Multi-AZ deployment to store 
unprocessed and processed customer orders. 
C. Use a Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) to manage web traffic. Use Amazon Elastic Container 
Service (Amazon ECS) to receive and process customer orders. Use the GWLB to capture and 
store unprocessed orders. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store processed customer orders. 
D. Use an Application Load Balancer to manage web traffic. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups 
to receive and process customer orders. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to 
store unprocessed orders. Use Amazon RDS with a Multi-AZ deployment to store processed 
customer orders. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1017 
A company is using AWS DataSync to migrate millions of files from an on-premises system to 
AWS. The files are 10 KB in size on average. 
 
The company wants to use Amazon S3 for file storage. For the first year after the migration, the 
files will be accessed once or twice and must be immediately available. After 1 year, the files 
must be archived for at least 7 years. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use an archive tool to group the files into large objects. Use DataSync to migrate the objects. 
Store the objects in S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval for the first year. Use a lifecycle configuration to 
transition the files to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year with a retention period of 7 years. 
B. Use an archive tool to group the files into large objects. Use DataSync to copy the objects to S3 
Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). Use a lifecycle configuration to transition the files 
to S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval after 1 year with a retention period of 7 years. 
C. Configure the destination storage class for the files as S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval. Use a lifecycle 
policy to transition the files to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 1 year with a retention period of 7 
years. 
D. Configure a DataSync task to transfer the files to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-
IA). Use a lifecycle configuration to transition the files to S3 Deep Archive after 1 year with a 
retention period of 7 years. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1018 
A company recently performed a lift and shift migration of its on-premises Oracle database 
workload to run on an Amazon EC2 memory optimized Linux instance. The EC2 Linux instance 
uses a 1 TB Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume with 64,000 IOPS. 
 
The database storage performance after the migration is slower than the performance of the on-
premises database. 
 
Which solution will improve storage performance? 
 
A. Add more Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volumes. Use OS commands to create a Logical 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
469 
Volume Management (LVM) stripe. 
B. Increase the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume to more than 64,000 IOPS. 
C. Increase the size of the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume to 2 TB. 
D. Change the EC2 Linux instance to a storage optimized instance type. Do not change the 
Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
The maximum provisioned IOPS for io1 is 64000 and hence you can achieve higher aggregate 
performance by adding more io1 volumes. 
 
 
QUESTION 1019 
A company is migrating from a monolithic architecture for a web application that is hosted on 
Amazon EC2 to a serverless microservices architecture. The company wants to use AWS 
services that support an event-driven, loosely coupled architecture. The company wants to use 
the publish/subscribe (pub/sub) pattern. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon API Gateway REST API to invoke an AWS Lambda function that publishes 
events to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure one or more 
subscribers to read events from the SQS queue. 
B. Configure an Amazon API Gateway REST API to invoke an AWS Lambda function that publishes 
events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure one or more 
subscribers to receive events from the SNS topic. 
C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway WebSocket API to write to a data stream in Amazon Kinesis 
Data Streams with enhanced fan-out. Configure one or more subscribers to receive events from 
the data stream. 
D. Configure an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API to invoke an AWS Lambda function that publishes 
events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure one or more 
subscribers to receive events from the topic. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1020 
A company recently migrated a monolithic application to an Amazon EC2 instance and Amazon 
RDS. The application has tightly coupled modules. The existing design of the application gives 
the application the ability to run on only a single EC2 instance. 
 
The company has noticed high CPU utilization on the EC2 instance during peak usage times. The 
high CPU utilization corresponds to degraded performance on Amazon RDS for read requests. 
The company wants to reduce the high CPU utilization and improve read request performance. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Resize the EC2 instance to an EC2 instance type that has more CPU capacity. Configure an Auto 
Scaling group with a minimum and maximum size of 1. Configure an RDS read replica for read 
requests. 
B. Resize the EC2 instance to an EC2 instance type that has more CPU capacity. Configure an Auto 
Scaling group with a minimum and maximum size of 1. Add an RDS read replica and redirect all 
read/write traffic to the replica. 
C. Configure an Auto Scaling group with a minimum size of 1 and maximum size of 2. Resize the 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
470 
RDS DB instance to an instance type that has more CPU capacity. 
D. Resize the EC2 instance to an EC2 instance type that has more CPU capacity. Configure an Auto 
Scaling group with a minimum and maximum size of 1. Resize the RDS DB instance to an 
instance type that has more CPU capacity. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
This approach addresses both the high CPU utilization on the EC2 instance and the degraded 
read performance on the RDS instance effectively. 
 
 
QUESTION 1021 
A company needs to grant a team of developers access to the company's AWS resources. The 
company must maintain a high level of security for the resources. 
 
The company requires an access control solution that will prevent unauthorized access to the 
sensitive data. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Share the IAM user credentials for each development team member with the rest of the team to 
simplify access management and to streamline development workflows. 
B. Define IAM roles that have fine-grained permissions based on the principle of least privilege. 
Assign an IAM role to each developer. 
C. Create IAM access keys to grant programmatic access to AWS resources. Allow only developers 
to interact with AWS resources through API calls by using the access keys. 
D. Create an AWS Cognito user pool. Grant developers access to AWS resources by using the user 
pool. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1022 
A company hosts a monolithic web application on an Amazon EC2 instance. Application users 
have recently reported poor performance at specific times. Analysis of Amazon CloudWatch 
metrics shows that CPU utilization is 100% during the periods of poor performance. 
 
The company wants to resolve this performance issue and improve application availability. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Compute Optimizer to obtain a recommendation for an instance type to scale vertically. 
B. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the web server. Reference the AMI in a new 
launch template. 
C. Create an Auto Scaling group and an Application Load Balancer to scale vertically. 
D. Use AWS Compute Optimizer to obtain a recommendation for an instance type to scale 
horizontally. 
E. Create an Auto Scaling group and an Application Load Balancer to scale horizontally. 
 
Answer: BE 
 
 
QUESTION 1023 
A company runs all its business applications in the AWS Cloud. The company uses AWS 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
471 
Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts. 
 
A solutions architect needs to review all permissions that are granted to IAM users to determine 
which IAM users have more permissions than required. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead? 
 
A. Use Network Access Analyzer to review all access permissions in the company's AWS accounts. 
B. Create an AWS CloudWatch alarm that activates when an IAM user creates or modifies 
resources in an AWS account. 
C. Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) Access Analyzer to review all the company's 
resources and accounts. 
D. Use Amazon Inspector to find vulnerabilities in existing IAM policies. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1024 
A company needs to implement a new data retention policy for regulatory compliance. As part of 
this policy, sensitive documents that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket must be protected from 
deletion or modification for a fixed period of time. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Activate S3 Object Lock on the required objects and enable governance mode. 
B. Activate S3 Object Lock on the required objects and enable compliance mode. 
C. Enable versioning on the S3 bucket. Set a lifecycle policy to delete the objects after a specified 
period. 
D. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval for the 
retention duration. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1025 
A company runs its customer-facing web application on containers. The workload uses Amazon 
Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate. The web application is resource 
intensive. 
 
The web application needs to be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for customers. The 
company expects the application to experience short bursts of high traffic. The workload must be 
highly available. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure an ECS capacity provider with Fargate. Conduct load testing by using a third-party tool. 
Rightsize the Fargate tasks in Amazon CloudWatch. 
B. Configure an ECS capacity provider with Fargate for steady state and Fargate Spot for burst 
traffic. 
C. Configure an ECS capacity provider with Fargate Spot for steady state and Fargate for burst 
traffic. 
D. Configure an ECS capacity provider with Fargate. Use AWS Compute Optimizer to rightsize the 
Fargate task. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
472 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
This combination leverages the cost benefits of Fargate Spot for burst traffic while ensuring 
steady performance with regular Fargate instances. 
 
 
QUESTION 1026 
A company is building an application in the AWS Cloud. The application is hosted on Amazon 
EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The company uses Amazon Route 53 
for the DNS. 
 
The company needs a managed solution with proactive engagement to detect against DDoS 
attacks. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Enable AWS Config. Configure an AWS Config managed rule that detects DDoS attacks. 
B. Enable AWS WAF on the ALCreate an AWS WAF web ACL with rules to detect and prevent 
DDoS attacks. Associate the web ACL with the ALB. 
C. Store the ALB access logs in an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure Amazon GuardDuty to detect and 
take automated preventative actions for DDoS attacks. 
D. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Configure hosted zones in Route 53. Add ALB resources as 
protected resources. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1027 
A company hosts a video streaming web application in a VPC. The company uses a Network 
Load Balancer (NLB) to handle TCP traffic for real-time data processing. There have been 
unauthorized attempts to access the application. 
 
The company wants to improve application security with minimal architectural change to prevent 
unauthorized attempts to access the application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Implement a series of AWS WAF rules directly on the NLB to filter out unauthorized traffic. 
B. Recreate the NLB with a security group to allow only trusted IP addresses. 
C. Deploy a second NLB in parallel with the existing NLB configured with a strict IP address allow 
list. 
D. Use AWS Shield Advanced to provide enhanced DDoS protection and prevent unauthorized 
access attempts. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1028 
A healthcare company is developing an AWS Lambda function that publishes notifications to an 
encrypted Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. The notifications contain 
protected health information (PHI). 
 
The SNS topic uses AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed keys for 
encryption. The company must ensure that the application has the necessary permissions to 
publish messages securely to the SNS topic. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
473 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Create a resource policy for the SNS topic that allows the Lambda function to publish messages 
to the topic. 
B. Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) for the SNS topic instead of 
customer managed keys. 
C. Create a resource policy for the encryption key that the SNS topic uses that has the necessary 
AWS KMS permissions. 
D. Specify the Lambda function's Amazon Resource Name (ARN) in the SNS topic's resource policy. 
E. Associate an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API with the SNS topic to control access to the topic 
by using API Gateway resource policies. 
F. Configure a Lambda execution role that has the necessary IAM permissions to use a customer 
managed key in AWS KMS. 
 
Answer: ACF 
 
 
QUESTION 1029 
A company has an employee web portal. Employees log in to the portal to view payroll details. 
The company is developing a new system to give employees the ability to upload scanned 
documents for reimbursement. The company runs a program to extract text-based data from the 
documents and attach the extracted information to each employee's reimbursement IDs for 
processing. 
 
The employee web portal requires 100% uptime. The document extract program runs infrequently 
throughout the day on an on-demand basis. The company wants to build a scalable and cost-
effective new system that will require minimal changes to the existing web portal. The company 
does not want to make any code changes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort? 
 
A. Run Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances in an Auto Scaling group for the web portal. Use an 
AWS Lambda function to run the document extract program. Invoke the Lambda function when 
an employee uploads a new reimbursement document. 
B. Run Amazon EC2 Spot Instances in an Auto Scaling group for the web portal. Run the document 
extract program on EC2 Spot Instances. Start document extract program instances when an 
employee uploads a new reimbursement document. 
C. Purchase a Savings Plan to run the web portal and the document extract program. Run the web 
portal and the document extract program in an Auto Scaling group. 
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to host the web portal. Use Amazon API Gateway and an AWS 
Lambda function for the existing functionalities. Use the Lambda function to run the document 
extract program. Invoke the Lambda function when the API that is associated with a new 
document upload is called. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1030 
A media company has a multi-account AWS environment in the us-east-1 Region. The company 
has an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic in a production account that 
publishes performance metrics. The company has an AWS Lambda function in an administrator 
account to process and analyze log data. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
474 
The Lambda function that is in the administrator account must be invoked by messages from the 
SNS topic that is in the production account when significant metrics are reported. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create an IAM resource policy for the Lambda function that allows Amazon SNS to invoke the 
function. 
B. Implement an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue in the administrator account 
to buffer messages from the SNS topic that is in the production account. Configure the SQS 
queue to invoke the Lambda function. 
C. Create an IAM policy for the SNS topic that allows the Lambda function to subscribe to the topic. 
D. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule in the production account to capture the SNS topic notifications. 
Configure the EventBridge rule to forward notifications to the Lambda function that is in the 
administrator account. 
E. Store performance metrics in an Amazon S3 bucket in the production account. Use Amazon 
Athena to analyze the metrics from the administrator account. 
 
Answer: AC 
 
 
QUESTION 1031 
A company is migrating an application from an on-premises location to Amazon Elastic 
Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). The company must use a custom subnet for pods that are in 
the company's VPC to comply with requirements. The company also needs to ensure that the 
pods can communicate securely within the pods' VPC. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure AWS Transit Gateway to directly manage custom subnet configurations for the pods in 
Amazon EKS. 
B. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection from the company's on-premises IP address ranges to 
the EKS pods. 
C. Use the Amazon VPC CNI plugin for Kubernetes. Define custom subnets in the VPC cluster for 
the pods to use. 
D. Implement a Kubernetes network policy that has pod anti-affinity rules to restrict pod placement to 
specific nodes that are within custom subnets. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
The Amazon VPC Container Network Interface (CNI) plugin is the default network plugin for 
Amazon EKS. It allows Kubernetes pods to receive IP addresses from a VPC's subnet and 
enables pods to communicate securely within the VPC as if they were native VPC resources. 
 
 
QUESTION 1032 
A company hosts an ecommerce application that stores all data in a single Amazon RDS for 
MySQL DB instance that is fully managed by AWS. The company needs to mitigate the risk of a 
single point of failure. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort? 
 
A. Modify the RDS DB instance to use a Multi-AZ deployment. Apply the changes during the next 
maintenance window. 
B. Migrate the current database to a new Amazon DynamoDB Multi-AZ deployment. Use AWS 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
475 
Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with a heterogeneous migration strategy to migrate the 
current RDS DB instance to DynamoDB tables. 
C. Create a new RDS DB instance in a Multi-AZ deployment. Manually restore the data from the 
existing RDS DB instance from the most recent snapshot. 
D. Configure the DB instance in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with a minimum group size of 
three. Use Amazon Route 53 simple routing to distribute requests to all DB instances. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1033 
A company has multiple Microsoft Windows SMB file servers and Linux NFS file servers for file 
sharing in an on-premises environment. As part of the company's AWS migration plan, the 
company wants to consolidate the file servers in the AWS Cloud. 
 
The company needs a managed AWS storage service that supports both NFS and SMB access. 
The solution must be able to share between protocols. The solution must have redundancy at the 
Availability Zone level. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP for storage. Configure multi-protocol access. 
B. Create two Amazon EC2 instances. Use one EC2 instance for Windows SMB file server access 
and one EC2 instance for Linux NFS file server access. 
C. Use Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP for SMB access. Use Amazon FSx for Lustre for NFS 
access. 
D. Use Amazon S3 storage. Access Amazon S3 through an Amazon S3 File Gateway. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1034 
A software company needs to upgrade a critical web application. The application currently runs 
on a single Amazon EC2 instance that the company hosts in a public subnet. The EC2 instance 
runs a MySQL database. The application's DNS records are published in an Amazon Route 53 
zone. 
 
A solutions architect must reconfigure the application to be scalable and highly available. The 
solutions architect must also reduce MySQL read latency. 
 
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Launch a second EC2 instance in a second AWS Region. Use a Route 53 failover routing policy 
to redirect the traffic to the second EC2 instance. 
B. Create and configure an Auto Scaling group to launch private EC2 instances in multiple 
Availability Zones. Add the instances to a target group behind a new Application Load Balancer. 
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL cluster. Create the primary DB instance and 
reader DB instance in separate Availability Zones. 
D. Create and configure an Auto Scaling group to launch private EC2 instances in multiple AWS 
Regions. Add the instances to a target group behind a new Application Load Balancer. 
E. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora MySQL cluster with cross-Region read replicas. 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
476 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/Concepts.AuroraHighAvailab
ility.html 
 
 
QUESTION 1035 
A company runs thousands of AWS Lambda functions. The company needs a solution to 
securely store sensitive information that all the Lambda functions use. The solution must also 
manage the automatic rotation of the sensitive information. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
(Choose two.) 
 
A. Create HTTP security headers by using Lambda@Edge to retrieve and create sensitive 
information 
B. Create a Lambda layer that retrieves sensitive information 
C. Store sensitive information in AWS Secrets Manager 
D. Store sensitive information in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store 
E. Create a Lambda consumer with dedicated throughput to retrieve sensitive information and create 
environmental variables 
 
Answer: BC 
Explanation: 
AWS Secrets Manager securely stores sensitive information and provides automatic rotation of 
secrets, reducing the need for manual management. 
Using a Lambda layer allows multiple Lambda functions to access the sensitive information 
stored in Secrets Manager without needing to duplicate retrieval logic in each function. This 
approach centralizes the retrieval process and reduces operational complexity. 
 
 
QUESTION 1036 
A company has an internal application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling 
group. The EC2 instances are compute optimized and use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) volumes. 
 
The company wants to identify cost optimizations across the EC2 instances, the Auto Scaling 
group, and the EBS volumes. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Create a new AWS Cost and Usage Report. Search the report for cost recommendations for the 
EC2 instances the Auto Scaling group, and the EBS volumes. 
B. Create new Amazon CloudWatch billing alerts. Check the alert statuses for cost 
recommendations for the EC2 instances, the Auto Scaling group, and the EBS volumes. 
C. Configure AWS Compute Optimizer for cost recommendations for the EC2 instances, the Auto 
Scaling group and the EBS volumes. 
D. Configure AWS Compute Optimizer for cost recommendations for the EC2 instances. Create a 
new AWS Cost and Usage Report. Search the report for cost recommendations for the Auto 
Scaling group and the EBS volumes. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1037 
A company is running a media store across multiple Amazon EC2 instances distributed across 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
477 
multiple Availability Zones in a single VPC. The company wants a high-performing solution to 
share data between all the EC2 instances, and prefers to keep the data within the VPC only. 
 
What should a solutions architect recommend? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket and call the service APIs from each instance's application 
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket and configure all instances to access it as a mounted volume 
C. Configure an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume and mount it across all 
instances 
D. Configure an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system and mount it across all 
instances 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1038 
A company uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL instance. To prepare for end-of-year processing, 
the company added a read replica to accommodate extra read-only queries from the company's 
reporting tool. The read replica CPU usage was 60% and the primary instance CPU usage was 
60%. 
 
After end-of-year activities are complete, the read replica has a constant 25% CPU usage. The 
primary instance still has a constant 60% CPU usage. The company wants to rightsize the 
database and still provide enough performance for future growth. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Delete the read replica Do not make changes to the primary instance 
B. Resize the read replica to a smaller instance size Do not make changes to the primary instance 
C. Resize the read replica to a larger instance size Resize the primary instance to a smaller instance 
size 
D. Delete the read replica Resize the primary instance to a larger instance 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1039 
A company is migrating its databases to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The company is migrating 
its applications to Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants to optimize costs for long-running 
workloads. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use On-Demand Instances for the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL workloads. Purchase a 1 year 
Compute Savings Plan with the No Upfront option for the EC2 instances. 
B. Purchase Reserved Instances for a 1 year term with the No Upfront option for the Amazon RDS 
for PostgreSQL workloads. Purchase a 1 year EC2 Instance Savings Plan with the No Upfront 
option for the EC2 instances. 
C. Purchase Reserved Instances for a 1 year term with the Partial Upfront option for the Amazon 
RDS for PostgreSQL workloads. Purchase a 1 year EC2 Instance Savings Plan with the Partial 
Upfront option for the EC2 instances. 
D. Purchase Reserved Instances for a 3 year term with the All Upfront option for the Amazon RDS 
for PostgreSQL workloads. Purchase a 3 year EC2 Instance Savings Plan with the All Upfront 
option for the EC2 instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
478 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1040 
A company is using an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster. The company 
must ensure that Kubernetes service accounts in the EKS cluster have secure and granular 
access to specific AWS resources by using IAM roles for service accounts (IRSA). 
 
Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Create an IAM policy that defines the required permissions Attach the policy directly to the IAM 
role of the EKS nodes. 
B. Implement network policies within the EKS cluster to prevent Kubernetes service accounts from 
accessing specific AWS services. 
C. Modify the EKS cluster's IAM role to include permissions for each Kubernetes service account. 
Ensure a one-to-one mapping between IAM roles and Kubernetes roles. 
D. Define an IAM role that includes the necessary permissions. Annotate the Kubernetes service 
accounts with the Amazon ResourceName (ARN) of the IAM role. 
E. Set up a trust relationship between the IAM roles for the service accounts and an OpenID 
Connect (OIDC) identity provider. 
 
Answer: DE 
 
 
QUESTION 1041 
A company regularly uploads confidential data to Amazon S3 buckets for analysis. 
 
The company's security policies mandate that the objects must be encrypted at rest. The 
company must automatically rotate the encryption key every year. The company must be able to 
track key rotation by using AWS CloudTrail. The company also must minimize costs for the 
encryption key. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) 
B. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) 
C. Use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) 
D. Use server-side encryption with customer managed AWS KMS keys 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/concepts.html#aws-managed-cmk 
 
 
QUESTION 1042 
A company has migrated several applications to AWS in the past 3 months. The company wants 
to know the breakdown of costs for each of these applications. The company wants to receive a 
regular report that includes this information. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Use AWS Budgets to download data for the past 3 months into a .csv file. Look up the desired 
information. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
479 
B. Load AWS Cost and Usage Reports into an Amazon RDS DB instance. Run SQL queries to get 
the desired information. 
C. Tag all the AWS resources with a key for cost and a value of the application's name. Activate cost 
allocation tags. Use Cost Explorerto get the desired information. 
D. Tag all the AWS resources with a key for cost and a value of the application's name. Use the 
AWS Billing and Cost Management console todownload bills for the past 3 months. Look up the 
desired information. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1043 
An ecommerce company is preparing to deploy a web application on AWS to ensure continuous 
service for customers. The architecture includes a web application that the company hosts on 
Amazon EC2 instances, a relational database in Amazon RDS, and static assets that the 
company stores in Amazon S3. 
 
The company wants to design a robust and resilient architecture for the application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy Amazon EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone. Deploy an RDS DB instance in the 
same Availability Zone. Use Amazon S3 with versioning enabled to store static assets. 
B. Deploy Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. 
Deploy a Multi-AZ RDS DB instance. Use Amazon CloudFront to distribute static assets. 
C. Deploy Amazon EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone. Deploy an RDS DB instance in a 
second Availability Zone for cross-AZ redundancy. Serve static assets directly from the EC2 
instances. 
D. Use AWS Lambda functions to serve the web application. Use Amazon Aurora Serverless v2 for 
the database. Store static assets in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) One Zone-
Infrequent Access (One Zone-IA). 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1044 
An ecommerce company runs several internal applications in multiple AWS accounts. The 
company uses AWS Organizations to manage its AWS accounts. 
 
A security appliance in the company's networking account must inspect interactions between 
applications across AWS accounts. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in the networking account to send traffic to the security 
appliance. Configure the application accounts to send traffic to the NLB by using an interface 
VPC endpoint in the application accounts. 
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in the application accounts to send traffic directly to 
the security appliance. 
C. Deploy a Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) in the networking account to send traffic to the security 
appliance. Configure the application accounts to send traffic to the GWLB by using an interface 
GWLB endpoint in the application accounts. 
D. Deploy an interface VPC endpoint in the application accounts to send traffic directly to the 
security appliance. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
480 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1045 
A company runs its production workload on an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster that includes 
six Aurora Replicas. The company wants near-real-time reporting queries from one of its 
departments to be automatically distributed across three of the Aurora Replicas. Those three 
replicas have a different compute and memory specification from the rest of the DB cluster. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Create and use a custom endpoint for the workload 
B. Create a three-node cluster clone and use the reader endpoint 
C. Use any of the instance endpoints for the selected three nodes 
D. Use the reader endpoint to automatically distribute the read-only workload 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1046 
A company runs a Node js function on a server in its on-premises data center. The data center 
stores data in a PostgreSQL database. The company stores the credentials in a connection string 
in an environment variable on the server. The company wants to migrate its application to AWS 
and to replace the Node.js application server with AWS Lambda. The company also wants to 
migrate to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL and to ensure that the database credentials are securely 
managed. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Store the database credentials as a parameter in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store 
Configure Parameter Store to automatically rotate the secrets every 30 days. Update the Lambda 
function to retrieve the credentials from the parameter. 
B. Store the database credentials as a secret in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure Secrets Manager 
to automatically rotate the credentials every 30 days. Update the Lambda function to retrieve the 
credentials from the secret. 
C. Store the database credentials as an encrypted Lambda environment variable. Write a custom 
Lambda function to rotate the credentials. Schedule the Lambda function to run every 30 days. 
D. Store the database credentials as a key in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). 
Configure automatic rotation for the key. Update the Lambda function to retneve the credentials 
from the KMS key. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1047 
A company wants to replicate existing and ongoing data changes from an on-premises Oracle 
database to Amazon RDS for Oracle. The amount of data to replicate varies throughout each 
day. The company wants to use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) for data 
replication. The solution must allocate only the capacity that the replication instance requires. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the AWS DMS replication instance with a Multi-AZ deployment to provision instances 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
481 
across multiple Availability Zones. 
B. Create an AWS DMS Serverless replication task to analyze and replicate the data while 
provisioning the required capacity. 
C. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale the size of the AWS DMS replication instance up or down 
based on the amount of data toreplicate. 
D. Provision AWS DMS replication capacity by using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon 
ECS) with an AWS Fargate launch type to analyze and replicate the data while provisioning the 
required capacity. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
AWS DMS Serverless is designed to automatically allocate and manage the necessary compute 
and memory resources based on the demand of the data replication workload. It scales capacity 
up or down according to the data replication requirements without manual intervention. 
This approach ensures that the replication task uses only the required capacity at any given time, 
optimizing costs and resources, especially given that the amount of data to replicate varies 
throughout the day. 
 
 
QUESTION 1048 
A company has a multi-tier web application. The application's internal service components are 
deployed on Amazon EC2 instances. The internal service components need to access third-party 
software as a service (SaaS) APIs that are hosted on AWS. 
 
The company needs to provide secure and private connectivity from the application's internal 
services to the third-party SaaS application. The company needs to ensure that there is minimal 
public internet exposure. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Implement an AWS Site-to-Site VPN to establish a secure connection with the third-party SaaS 
provider. 
B. Deploy AWS Transit Gateway to manage and route traffic between the application's VPC and the 
third-party SaaS provider. 
C. Configure AWS PrivateLink to allow only outbound traffic from the VPC without enabling the third-
party SaaS provider to establish. 
D. Use AWS PrivateLink to create a private connection between the application's VPC and the third-
party SaaS provider. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1049 
A solutions architect needs to connect a company's corporate network to its VPC to allow on-
premises access to its AWS resources. The solution must provide encryption of all traffic between 
the corporate network and the VPC at the network layer and the session layer. The solution also 
must provide security controls to prevent unrestricted access between AWS and the on-premises 
systems. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Configure AWS Direct Connect to connect to the VPC. Configure the VPC route tables to allow 
and deny traffic between AWS and on premises as required. 
B. Create an IAM policy to allow access to the AWS Management Console only from a defined set of 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
482 
corporate IP addresses. Restrict user access based on job responsibility by using an IAM policy 
and roles. 
C. Configure AWS Site-to-Site VPN to connect to the VPConfigure route table entries to direct traffic 
from on premises to the VPConfigure instance security groups and network ACLs to allow only 
required traffic from on premises. 
D. Configure AWS Transit Gateway to connect to the VPC. Configure route table entries to direct 
traffic from on premises to the VPC. Configure instance security groups and network ACLs to 
allow only required traffic from on premises. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Direct Connect does not provide encryption by itself; it is often used in conjunction with VPN 
for encrypted traffic. Direct Connect primarily offers a dedicated connection and does not 
inherently satisfy the encryption requirement. 
 
 
QUESTION 1050 
A company has a custom application with embedded credentials that retrieves information from a 
database in an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB cluster. The company needs to make the application 
more secure with minimal programming effort. The company has created credentials on the RDS 
for MySQL database for the application user. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Store the credentials in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Create keys in AWS KMS. 
Configure the application to load the database credentials from AWS KMS. Enable automatic key 
rotation 
B. Store the credentials in encrypted local storage. Configure the application to load the database 
credentials from the local storage. Set up a credentials rotation schedule by creating a cron job. 
C. Store the credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to load the database 
credentials from Secrets Manager. Set up a credentials rotation schedule by creating an AWS 
Lambda function for Secrets Manager. 
D. Store the credentials in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Configure the application to 
load the database credentials from Parameter Store. Set up a credentials rotation schedule in the 
RDS for MySQL database by using Parameter Store. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1051 
A company wants to move its application to a serverless solution. The serverless solution needs 
to analyze existing data and new data by using SQL. The company stores the data in an Amazon 
S3 bucket. The data must be encrypted at rest and replicated to a different AWS Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a new S3 bucket that uses server-side encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region keys 
(SSE-KMS). Configure Cross-Region Replication (CRR). Load the data into the new S3 bucket. 
Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 
B. Create a new S3 bucket that uses server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-
S3). Configure Cross-Region Replication (CRR). Load the data into the new S3 bucket. Use 
Amazon RDS to query the data. 
C. Configure Cross-Region Replication (CRR) on the existing S3 bucket. Use server-side encryption 
with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3). Use Amazon Athena to query the data. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
483 
D. Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) on the existing S3 bucket. Use server-side 
encryption with AWS KMS multi-Region keys (SSE-KMS). Use Amazon RDS to query the data. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1052 
A company has a web application that has thousands of users. The application uses 8-10 user-
uploaded images to generate AI images. Users can download the generated AI images once 
every 6 hours. The company also has a premium user option that gives users the ability to 
download the generated AI images anytime. 
 
The company uses the user-uploaded images to run AI model training twice a year. The company 
needs a storage solution to store the images. 
 
Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Move uploaded images to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. Move premium user-generated AI 
images to S3 Standard. Move non-premium user-generated AI images to S3 Standard-Infrequent 
Access (S3 Standard-IA). 
B. Move uploaded images to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive Move all generated AI images to S3 
Glacier Flexible Retrieval. 
C. Move uploaded images to Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA). Move 
premium user-generated AI images to S3 Standard. Move non-premium user-generated AI 
images to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). 
D. Move uploaded images to Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA). Move all 
generated AI images to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1053 
A company is developing machine learning (ML) models on AWS. The company is developing the 
ML models as independent microservices. The microservices fetch approximately 1 GB of model 
data from Amazon S3 at startup and load the data into memory. Users access the ML models 
through an asynchronous API. Users can send a request or a batch of requests. 
 
The company provides the ML models to hundreds of users. The usage patterns for the models 
are irregular. Some models are not used for days or weeks. Other models receive batches of 
thousands of requests at a time. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Direct the requests from the API to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Deploy the ML models as 
AWS Lambda functions that the NLB will invoke. Use auto scaling to scale the Lambda functions 
based on the traffic that the NLB receives. 
B. Direct the requests from the API to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy the ML models 
as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services that the ALB will invoke. Use auto 
scaling to scale the ECS cluster instances based on the traffic that the ALB receives. 
C. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
Deploy the ML models as AWS Lambda functions that SQS events will invoke. Use auto scaling 
to increase the number of vCPUs for the Lambda functions based on the size of the SQS queue. 
D. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 
Deploy the ML models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services that read 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
484 
from the queue. Use auto scaling for Amazon ECS to scale both the cluster capacity and number 
of the services based on the size of the SQS queue. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1054 
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an 
Application Load Balancer (ALB). The application stores data in an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB 
cluster. 
 
The company needs to create a disaster recovery (DR) solution. The acceptable recovery time for 
the DR solution is up to 30 minutes. The DR solution does not need to support customer usage 
when the primary infrastructure is healthy. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Deploy the DR infrastructure in a second AWS Region with an ALB and an Auto Scaling group. 
Set the desired capacity and maximum capacity of the Auto Scaling group to a minimum value. 
Convert the Aurora MySQL DB cluster to an Aurora global database. Configure Amazon Route 53 
for an active-passive failover with ALB endpoints. 
B. Deploy the DR infrastructure in a second AWS Region with an ALUpdate the Auto Scaling group 
to include EC2 instances from the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-
active failover. Convert the Aurora MySQL DB cluster to an Aurora global database. 
C. Back up the Aurora MySQL DB cluster data by using AWS Backup. Deploy the DR infrastructure 
in a second AWS Region with an ALB. Update the Auto Scaling group to include EC2 instances 
from the second Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover. Create an 
Aurora MySQL DB cluster in the second Region Restore the data from the backup. 
D. Back up the infrastructure configuration by using AWS Backup. Use the backup to create the 
required infrastructure in a second AWS Region. Set the Auto Scaling group desired capacity to 
zero. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover. Convert the Aurora MySQL DB 
cluster to an Aurora global database. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1055 
A company is migrating its data processing application to the AWS Cloud. The application 
processes several short-lived batch jobs that cannot be disrupted. Data is generated after each 
batch job is completed. The data is accessed for 30 days and retained for 2 years. 
 
The company wants to keep the cost of running the application in the AWS Cloud as low as 
possible. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Migrate the data processing application to Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Store the data in 
Amazon S3 Standard. Move the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Instant. Retrieval after 30 days. Set 
an expiration to delete the data after 2 years. 
B. Migrate the data processing application to Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. Store the data in 
Amazon S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval. Move the data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 30 days. 
Set an expiration to delete the data after 2 years. 
C. Deploy Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to run the batch jobs. Store the data in Amazon S3 
Standard. Move the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 30 days. Set an expiration 
to delete the data after 2 years. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
485 
D. Deploy Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances to run the batch jobs. Store the data in Amazon S3 
Standard. Move the data to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 30 days. Set an expiration to 
delete the data after 2 years. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1056 
A company needs to design a hybrid network architecture. The company's workloads are 
currently stored in the AWS Cloud and in on-premises data centers. The workloads require 
single-digit latencies to communicate. The company uses an AWS Transit Gateway transit 
gateway to connect multiple VPCs. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to each VPC. 
B. Associate an AWS Direct Connect gateway with the transit gateway that is attached to the VPCs. 
C. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to an AWS Direct Connect gateway. 
D. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection. Create a transit virtual interface (VIF) to a Direct 
Connect gateway. 
E. Associate AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections with the transit gateway that is attached to the 
VPCs. 
 
Answer: BD 
 
 
QUESTION 1057 
A global ecommerce company runs its critical workloads on AWS. The workloads use an Amazon 
RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance that is configured for a Multi-AZ deployment. 
 
Customers have reported application timeouts when the company undergoes database failovers. 
The company needs a resilient solution to reduce failover time. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon RDS Proxy. Assign the proxy to the DB instance. 
B. Create a read replica for the DB instance. Move the read traffic to the read replica. 
C. Enable Performance Insights. Monitor the CPU load to identify the timeouts. 
D. Take regular automatic snapshots. Copy the automatic snapshots to multiple AWS Regions. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1058 
A company has multiple Amazon RDS DB instances that run in a development AWS account. All 
the instances have tags to identify them as development resources. The company needs the 
development DB instances to run on a schedule only during business hours. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to identify RDS instances that need to be stopped. Create 
an AWS Lambda function to start and stop the RDS instances. 
B. Create an AWS Trusted Advisor report to identify RDS instances to be started and stopped. 
Create an AWS Lambda function to start and stop the RDS instances. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
486 
C. Create AWS Systems Manager State Manager associations to start and stop the RDS instances. 
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that invokes AWS Lambda functions to start and stop the 
RDS instances. 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
AWS Systems Manager State Manager allows you to automate the process of starting and 
stopping RDS instances based on a defined schedule. 
 
 
QUESTION 1059 
A consumer survey company has gathered data for several years from a specific geographic 
region. The company stores this data in an Amazon S3 bucket in an AWS Region. 
 
The company has started to share this data with a marketing firm in a new geographic region. 
The company has granted the firm's AWS account access to the S3 bucket. The company wants 
to minimize the data transfer costs when the marketing firm requests data from the S3 bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure the Requester Pays feature on the company's S3 bucket. 
B. Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR) from the company's S3 bucket to one of the 
marketing firm's S3 buckets. 
C. Configure AWS Resource Access Manager to share the S3 bucket with the marketing firm AWS 
account. 
D. Configure the company's S3 bucket to use S3 Intelligent-Tiering Sync the S3 bucket to one of the 
marketing firm's S3 buckets. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/RequesterPaysBuckets.html 
 
 
QUESTION 1060 
A company uses AWS to host its public ecommerce website. The website uses an AWS Global 
Accelerator accelerator for traffic from the internet. The Global Accelerator accelerator forwards 
the traffic to an Application Load Balancer (ALB) that is the entry point for an Auto Scaling group. 
 
The company recently identified a DDoS attack on the website. The company needs a solution to 
mitigate future attacks. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort? 
 
A. Configure an AWS WAF web ACL for the Global Accelerator accelerator to block traffic by using 
rate-based rules 
B. Configure an AWS Lambda function to read the ALB metrics to block attacks by updating a VPC 
network ACL 
C. Configure an AWS WAF web ACL on the ALB to block traffic by using rate-based rules 
D. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the Global Accelerator accelerator 
 
Answer: C 
Explanation: 
https://repost.aws/knowledge-center/globalaccelerator-aws-waf-filter-layer7-traffic 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
487 
 
QUESTION 1061 
A company uses an Amazon DynamoDB table to store data that the company receives from 
devices. The DynamoDB table supports a customer-facing website to display recent activity on 
customer devices. The company configured the table with provisioned throughput for writes and 
reads. 
 
The company wants to calculate performance metrics for customer device data on a daily basis. 
The solution must have minimal effect on the table's provisioned read and write capacity. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an Amazon Athena SQL query with the Amazon Athena DynamoDB connector to calculate 
performance metrics on a recurring schedule. 
B. Use an AWS Glue job with the AWS Glue DynamoDB export connector to calculate performance 
metrics on a recurring schedule. 
C. Use an Amazon Redshift COPY command to calculate performance metrics on a recurring 
schedule. 
D. Use an Amazon EMR job with an Apache Hive external table to calculate performance metrics on 
a recurring schedule. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
DynamoDB export connector literally "exports" table snapshot to s3 as dynamoDB-json object, 
then process on it. So it does not affect on read / write capacity on dynamoDB itself. 
But Athena query directly on dynamoDB so affects on read / write capacity. 
 
 
QUESTION 1062 
A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a new stateless application that will be 
deployed on AWS. The solutions architect created an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) and launch 
template for the application. 
 
Based on the number of jobs that need to be processed, the processing must run in parallel while 
adding and removing application Amazon EC2 instances as needed. The application must be 
loosely coupled. The job items must be durably stored. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send the jobs that need to 
be processed. Create an Auto Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy 
set to add and remove EC2 instances based on CPU usage. 
B. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue to hold the jobs that need to be 
processed. Create an Auto Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy set 
to add and remove EC2 instances based on network usage. 
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue to hold the jobs that need to be 
processed. Create an Auto Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy set 
to add and remove EC2 instances based on the number of items in the SQS queue. 
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send the jobs that need to 
be processed. Create an Auto Scaling group by using the launch template with the scaling policy 
set to add and remove EC2 instances based on the number of messages published to the SNS 
topic. 
 
Answer: C 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
488 
 
QUESTION 1063 
A global ecommerce company uses a monolithic architecture. The company needs a solution to 
manage the increasing volume of product data. The solution must be scalable and have a 
modular service architecture. The company needs to maintain its structured database schemas. 
The company also needs a storage solution to store product data and product images. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use an Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group to deploy a containerized application. 
Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute web traffic. Use an Amazon RDS DB instance to 
store product data and product images. 
B. Use AWS Lambda functions to manage the existing monolithic application. Use Amazon 
DynamoDB to store product data and product images. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) for event-driven communication between the Lambda functions. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with an Amazon EC2 deployment to 
deploy a containerized application. Use an Amazon Aurora cluster to store the product data. Use 
AWS Step Functions to manage workflows. Store the product images in Amazon S3 Glacier Deep 
Archive. 
D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate to deploy a 
containerized application. Use Amazon RDS with a Multi-AZ deployment to store the product 
data. Store the product images in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1064 
A company is migrating an application from an on-premises environment to AWS. The application 
will store sensitive data in Amazon S3. The company must encrypt the data before storing the 
data in Amazon S3. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Encrypt the data by using client-side encryption with customer managed keys. 
B. Encrypt the data by using server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). 
C. Encrypt the data by using server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C). 
D. Encrypt the data by using client-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys. 
 
Answer: A 
Explanation: 
If client-side encryption is used, the keys must be managed by the customer. 
 
 
QUESTION 1065 
A company wants to create an Amazon EMR cluster that multiple teams will use. The company 
wants to ensure that each team's big data workloads can access only the AWS services that 
each team needs to interact with. The company does not want the workloads to have access to 
Instance Metadata Service Version 2 (IMDSv2) on the cluster's underlying EC2 instances. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Configure interface VPC endpoints for each AWS service that the teams need. Use the required 
interface VPC endpoints to submit the big data workloads. 
B. Create EMR runtime roles. Configure the cluster to use the runtime roles. Use the runtime roles to 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
489 
submit the big data workloads. 
C. Create an EC2 IAM instance profile that has the required permissions for each team. Use the 
instance profile to submit the big data workloads. 
D. Create an EMR security configuration that has the EnableApplicationScopedIAMRole option set 
to false. Use the security configuration to submit the big data workloads. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1066 
A solutions architect is designing an application that helps users fill out and submit registration 
forms. The solutions architect plans to use a two-tier architecture that includes a web application 
server tier and a worker tier. 
 
The application needs to process submitted forms quickly. The application needs to process each 
form exactly once. The solution must ensure that no data is lost. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue between the web application 
server tier and the worker tier to store and forward form data. 
B. Use an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API between the web application server tier and the worker 
tier to store and forward form data. 
C. Use an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue between the web 
application server tier and the worker tier to store and forward form data. 
D. Use an AWS Step Functions workflow. Create a synchronous workflow between the web 
application server tier and the worker tier that stores and forwards form data. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1067 
A finance company uses an on-premises search application to collect streaming data from 
various producers. The application provides real-time updates to search and visualization 
features. 
 
The company is planning to migrate to AWS and wants to use an AWS native solution. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon EC2 instances to ingest and process the data streams to Amazon S3 buckets tor 
storage. Use Amazon Athena to search the data. Use Amazon Managed Grafana to create 
visualizations. 
B. Use Amazon EMR to ingest and process the data streams to Amazon Redshift for storage. Use 
Amazon Redshift Spectrum to search the data. Use Amazon QuickSight to create visualizations. 
C. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) to ingest and process the data streams 
to Amazon DynamoDB for storage. Use Amazon CloudWatch to create graphical dashboards to 
search and visualize the data. 
D. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to ingest and process the data streams to Amazon 
OpenSearch Service. Use OpenSearch Service to search the data. Use Amazon QuickSight to 
create visualizations. 
 
Answer: D 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
490 
 
QUESTION 1068 
A company currently runs an on-premises application that usesASP.NET on Linux machines. The 
application is resource-intensive and serves customers directly. 
 
The company wants to modernize the application to .NET. The company wants to run the 
application on containers and to scale based on Amazon CloudWatch metrics. The company also 
wants to reduce the time spent on operational maintenance activities. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use AWS App2Container to containerize the application. Use an AWS CloudFormation template 
to deploy the application to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate. 
B. Use AWS App2Container to containerize the application. Use an AWS CloudFormation template 
to deploy the application to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on Amazon EC2 
instances. 
C. Use AWS App Runner to containerize the application. Use App Runner to deploy the application 
to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate. 
D. Use AWS App Runner to containerize the application. Use App Runner to deploy the application 
to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) on Amazon EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1069 
A company is designing a new internal web application in the AWS Cloud. The new application 
must securely retrieve and store multiple employee usernames and passwords from an AWS 
managed service. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Store the employee credentials in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Use AWS 
CloudFormation and the BatchGetSecretValue API to retrieve usernames and passwords from 
Parameter Store. 
B. Store the employee credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Use AWS CloudFormation and AWS 
Batch with the BatchGetSecretValue API to retrieve the usernames and passwords from Secrets 
Manager. 
C. Store the employee credentials in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Use AWS 
CloudFormation and AWS Batch with the BatchGetSecretValue API to retrieve the usernames 
and passwords from Parameter Store. 
D. Store the employee credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Use AWS CloudFormation and the 
BatchGetSecretValue API to retrieve the usernames and passwords from Secrets Manager. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1070 
A company that is in the ap-northeast-1 Region has a fleet of thousands of AWS Outposts 
servers. The company has deployed the servers at remote locations around the world. All the 
servers regularly download new software versions that consist of 100 files. There is significant 
latency before all servers run the new software versions. 
 
The company must reduce the deployment latency for new software versions. 
 
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
491 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution in ap-
northeast-1 that includes a CachingDisabled cache policy. Configure the S3 bucket as the origin. 
Download the software by using signed URLs. 
B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Create a second S3 bucket in the us-east-1 
Region. Configure replication between the buckets. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution 
that uses ap-northeast-1 as the primary origin and us-east-1 as the secondary origin. Download 
the software by using signed URLs. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Configure Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration. 
Download the software by using the S3 Transfer Acceleration endpoint. 
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket in ap-northeast-1. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution. 
Configure the S3 bucket as the origin. Download the software by using signed URLs. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1071 
A company currently runs an on-premises stock trading application by using Microsoft Windows 
Server. The company wants to migrate the application to the AWS Cloud. 
 
The company needs to design a highly available solution that provides low-latency access to 
block storage across multiple Availability Zones. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort? 
 
A. Configure a Windows Server cluster that spans two Availability Zones on Amazon EC2 instances. 
Install the application on both cluster nodes. Use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server as shared 
storage between the two cluster nodes. 
B. Configure a Windows Server cluster that spans two Availability Zones on Amazon EC2 instances. 
Install the application on both cluster nodes. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
General Purpose SSD (gp3) volumes as storage attached to the EC2 instances. Set up 
application-level replication to sync data from one EBS volume in one Availability Zone to another 
EBS volume in the second Availability Zone. 
C. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances in two Availability Zones. Configure one EC2 
instance as active and the second EC2 instance in standby mode. Use an Amazon FSx for 
NetApp ONTAP Multi-AZ file system to access the data by using Internet Small Computer 
Systems Interface (iSCSI) protocol. 
D. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances in two Availability Zones. Configure one EC2 
instance as active and the second EC2 instance in standby mode. Use Amazon Elastic Block 
Store (Amazon EBS) Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) volumes as storage attached to the EC2 
instances. Set up Amazon EBS level replication to sync data from one io2 volume in one 
Availability Zone to another io2 volume in the second Availability Zone. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1072 
A company is designing a web application with an internet-facing Application Load Balancer 
(ALB). 
 
The company needs the ALB to receive HTTPS web traffic from the public internet. The ALB 
must send only HTTPS traffic to the web application servers hosted on the Amazon EC2 
instances on port 443. The ALB must perform a health check of the web application servers over 
HTTPS on port 8443. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
492 
Which combination of configurations of the security group that is associated with the ALB will 
meet these requirements? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Allow HTTPS inbound traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 for port 443. 
B. Allow all outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0 for port 443. 
C. Allow HTTPS outbound traffic to the web application instances for port 443. 
D. Allow HTTPS inbound traffic from the web application instances for port 443. 
E. Allow HTTPS outbound traffic to the web application instances for the health check on port 8443. 
F. Allow HTTPS inbound traffic from the web application instances for the health check on port 
8443. 
 
Answer: ACE 
 
 
QUESTION 1073 
A company hosts an application on AWS. The application gives users the ability to upload photos 
and store the photos in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to use Amazon CloudFront 
and a custom domain name to upload the photo files to the S3 bucket in the eu-west-1 Region. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a public certificate in the us-east-1 Region. Use 
the certificate in CloudFront. 
B. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to create a public certificate in eu-west-1. Use the certificate 
in CloudFront. 
C. Configure Amazon S3 to allow uploads from CloudFront. Configure S3 Transfer Acceleration. 
D. Configure Amazon S3 to allow uploads from CloudFront origin access control (OAC). 
E. Configure Amazon S3 to allow uploads from CloudFront. Configure an Amazon S3 website 
endpoint. 
 
Answer: AD 
 
 
QUESTION 1074 
A weather forecasting company collects temperature readings from various sensors on a 
continuous basis. An existing data ingestion process collects the readings and aggregates the 
readings into larger Apache Parquet files. Then the process encrypts the files by using client-side 
encryption with KMS managed keys (CSE-KMS). Finally, the process writes the files to an 
Amazon S3 bucket with separate prefixes for each calendar day. 
 
The company wants to run occasional SQL queries on the data to take sample moving averages 
for a specific calendar day. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure Amazon Athena to read the encrypted files. Run SQL queries on the data directly in 
Amazon S3. 
B. Use Amazon S3 Select to run SQL queries on the data directly in Amazon S3. 
C. Configure Amazon Redshift to read the encrypted files. Use Redshift Spectrum and Redshift 
query editor v2 to run SQL queries on the data directly in Amazon S3. 
D. Configure Amazon EMR Serverless to read the encrypted files. Use Apache SparkSQL to run 
SQL queries on the data directly in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: A 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
493 
 
 
QUESTION 1075 
A company is implementing a new application on AWS. The company will run the application on 
multiple Amazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones within multiple AWS Regions. 
The application will be available through the internet. Users will access the application from 
around the world. 
 
The company wants to ensure that each user who accesses the application is sent to the EC2 
instances that are closest to the user's location. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Implement an Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing policy. Use an internet-facing Application 
Load Balancer to distribute the traffic across all Availability Zones within the same Region. 
B. Implement an Amazon Route 53 geoproximity routing policy. Use an internet-facing Network Load 
Balancer to distribute the traffic across all Availability Zones within the same Region. 
C. Implement an Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy. Use an internet-facing 
Application Load Balancer to distribute the traffic across all Availability Zones within the same 
Region. 
D. Implement an Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy. Use an internet-facing Network Load 
Balancer to distribute the traffic across all Availability Zones within the same Region. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1076 
A financial services company plans to launch a new application on AWS to handle sensitive 
financial transactions. The company will deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances. The 
company will use Amazon RDS for MySQL as the database. The company's security policies 
mandate that data must be encrypted at rest and in transit. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Configure encryption at rest for Amazon RDS for MySQL by using AWS KMS managed keys. 
Configure AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) SSL/TLS certificates for encryption in transit. 
B. Configure encryption at rest for Amazon RDS for MySQL by using AWS KMS managed keys. 
Configure IPsec tunnels for encryption in transit. 
C. Implement third-party application-level data encryption before storing data in Amazon RDS for 
MySQL. Configure AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) SSL/TLS certificates for encryption in transit. 
D. Configure encryption at rest for Amazon RDS for MySQL by using AWS KMS managed keys. 
Configure a VPN connection to enable private connectivity to encrypt data in transit. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1077 
A company is migrating its on-premises Oracle database to an Amazon RDS for Oracle 
database. The company needs to retain data for 90 days to meet regulatory requirements. The 
company must also be able to restore the database to a specific point in time for up to 14 days. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create Amazon RDS automated backups. Set the retention period to 90 days. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
494 
B. Create an Amazon RDS manual snapshot every day. Delete manual snapshots that are older 
than 90 days. 
C. Use the Amazon Aurora Clone feature for Oracle to create a point-in-time restore. Delete clones 
that are older than 90 days. 
D. Create a backup plan that has a retention period of 90 days by using AWS Backup for Amazon 
RDS. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1078 
A company is developing a new application that uses a relational database to store user data and 
application configurations. The company expects the application to have steady user growth. The 
company expects the database usage to be variable and read-heavy, with occasional writes. 
 
The company wants to cost-optimize the database solution. The company wants to use an AWS 
managed database solution that will provide the necessary performance. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Deploy the database on Amazon RDS. Use Provisioned IOPS SSD storage to ensure consistent 
performance for read and write operations. 
B. Deploy the database on Amazon Aurora Serverless to automatically scale the database capacity 
based on actual usage to accommodate the workload. 
C. Deploy the database on Amazon DynamoDB. Use on-demand capacity mode to automatically 
scale throughput to accommodate the workload. 
D. Deploy the database on Amazon RDS. Use magnetic storage and use read replicas to 
accommodate the workload. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1079 
A company hosts its application on several Amazon EC2 instances inside a VPC. The company 
creates a dedicated Amazon S3 bucket for each customer to store their relevant information in 
Amazon S3. 
 
The company wants to ensure that the application running on EC2 instances can securely access 
only the S3 buckets that belong to the company's AWS account. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 that is attached to the VPC. Update the IAM instance 
profile policy to provide access to only the specific buckets that the application needs. 
B. Create a NAT gateway in a public subnet with a security group that allows access to only Amazon 
S3. Update the route tables to use the NAT Gateway. 
C. Create a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 that is attached to the VPUpdate the IAM instance 
profile policy with a Deny action and the following condition key: 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
495 
D. Create a NAT Gateway in a public subnet. Update route tables to use the NAT Gateway. Assign 
bucket policies for all buckets with a Deny action and the following condition key: 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1080 
A company is building a cloud-based application on AWS that will handle sensitive customer 
data. The application uses Amazon RDS for the database, Amazon S3 for object storage, and S3 
Event Notifications that invoke AWS Lambda for serverless processing. 
 
The company uses AWS IAM Identity Center to manage user credentials. The development, 
testing, and operations teams need secure access to Amazon RDS and Amazon S3 while 
ensuring the confidentiality of sensitive customer data. The solution must comply with the 
principle of least privilege. 
 
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use IAM roles with least privilege to grant all the teams access. Assign IAM roles to each team 
with customized IAM policies defining specific permission for Amazon RDS and S3 object access 
based on team responsibilities. 
B. Enable IAM Identity Center with an Identity Center directory. Create and configure permission 
sets with granular access to Amazon RDS and Amazon S3. Assign all the teams to groups that 
have specific access with the permission sets. 
C. Create individual IAM users for each member in all the teams with role-based permissions. 
Assign the IAM roles with predefined policies for RDS and S3 access to each user based on user 
needs. Implement IAM Access Analyzer for periodic credential evaluation. 
D. Use AWS Organizations to create separate accounts for each team. Implement cross-account 
IAM roles with least privilege. Grant specific permission for RDS and S3 access based on team 
roles and responsibilities. 
 
Answer: B 
Explanation: 
IAM Identity Center: This service simplifies user management by centralizing credentials and 
access control. 
Permission Sets: You can create granular permission sets that align with the principle of least 
privilege, ensuring that each team has only the access they need. 
Group Assignments: By assigning teams to groups with specific permission sets, you streamline 
access management and reduce the complexity of individual user permissions. 
This approach minimizes operational overhead while maintaining secure and compliant access to 
sensitive customer data. 
 
 
QUESTION 1081 
A company has an Amazon S3 bucket that contains sensitive data files. The company has an 
application that runs on virtual machines in an on-premises data center. The company currently 
uses AWS IAM Identity Center. 
 
The application requires temporary access to files in the S3 bucket. The company wants to grant 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
496 
the application secure access to the files in the S3 bucket. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an S3 bucket policy that permits access to the bucket from the public IP address range of 
the company's on-premises data center. 
B. Use IAM Roles Anywhere to obtain security credentials in IAM Identity Center that grant access to 
the S3 bucket. Configure the virtual machines to assume the role by using the AWS CLI. 
C. Install the AWS CLI on the virtual machine. Configure the AWS CLI with access keys from an IAM 
user that has access to the bucket. 
D. Create an IAM user and policy that grants access to the bucket. Store the access key and secret 
key for the IAM user in AWS Secrets Manager. Configure the application to retrieve the access key 
and secret key at startup. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1082 
A company hosts its core network services, including directory services and DNS, in its on-
premises data center. The data center is connected to the AWS Cloud using AWS Direct Connect 
(DX). Additional AWS accounts are planned that will require quick, cost-effective, and consistent 
access to these network services. 
 
What should a solutions architect implement to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount 
of operational overhead? 
 
A. Create a DX connection in each new account. Route the network traffic to the on-premises 
servers. 
B. Configure VPC endpoints in the DX VPC for all required services. Route the network traffic to the 
on-premises servers. 
C. Create a VPN connection between each new account and the DX VPRoute the network traffic to 
the on-premises servers. 
D. Configure AWS Transit Gateway between the accounts. Assign DX to the transit gateway and 
route network traffic to the on-premises servers. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1083 
A company hosts its main public web application in one AWS Region across multiple Availability 
Zones. The application uses an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group and an Application Load 
Balancer (ALB). 
 
A web development team needs a cost-optimized compute solution to improve the company's 
ability to serve dynamic content globally to millions of customers. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure the existing ALB as the origin. 
B. Use Amazon Route 53 to serve traffic to the ALB and EC2 instances based on the geographic 
location of each customer. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with public read access enabled. Migrate the web application to the 
S3 bucket. Configure the S3 bucket for website hosting. 
D. Use AWS Direct Connect to directly serve content from the web application to the location of each 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
497 
customer. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1084 
A company stores user data in AWS. The data is used continuously with peak usage during 
business hours. Access patterns vary, with some data not being used for months at a time. A 
solutions architect must choose a cost-effective solution that maintains the highest level of 
durability while maintaining high availability. 
 
Which storage solution meets these requirements? 
 
A. Amazon S3 Standard 
B. Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering 
C. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive 
D. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1085 
A company is testing an application that runs on an Amazon EC2 Linux instance. A single 500 
GB Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) General Purpose SSO (gp2) volume is attached 
to the EC2 instance. 
 
The company will deploy the application on multiple EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. All 
instances require access to the data that is stored in the EBS volume. The company needs a 
highly available and resilient solution that does not introduce significant changes to the 
application's code. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Provision an EC2 instance that uses NFS server software. Attach a single 500 GB gp2 EBS 
volume to the instance. 
B. Provision an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Configure the file system as an 
SMB file store within a single Availability Zone. 
C. Provision an EC2 instance with two 250 GB Provisioned IOPS SSD EBS volumes. 
D. Provision an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Configure the file system to 
use General Purpose performance mode. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1086 
A company recently launched a new application for its customers. The application runs on 
multiple Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones. End users use TCP to 
communicate with the application. 
 
The application must be highly available and must automatically scale as the number of users 
increases. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.) 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
498 
A. Add a Network Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instances. 
B. Configure an Auto Scaling group for the EC2 instances. 
C. Add an Application Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instances. 
D. Manually add more EC2 instances for the application. 
E. Add a Gateway Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instances. 
 
Answer: AB 
 
 
QUESTION 1087 
A company is designing the architecture for a new mobile app that uses the AWS Cloud. The 
company uses organizational units (OUs) in AWS Organizations to manage its accounts. The 
company wants to tag Amazon EC2 instances with data sensitivity by using values of sensitive 
and nonsensitive. IAM identities must not be able to delete a tag or create instances without a 
tag. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.) 
 
A. In Organizations, create a new tag policy that specifies the data sensitivity tag key and the 
required values. Enforce the tag values for the EC2 instances. Attach the tag policy to the 
appropriate OU. 
B. In Organizations, create a new service control policy (SCP) that specifies the data sensitivity tag 
key and the required tag values. Enforce the tag values for the EC2 instances. Attach the SCP to 
the appropriate OU. 
C. Create a tag policy to deny running instances when a tag key is not specified. Create another tag 
policy that prevents identities from deleting tags. Attach the tag policies to the appropriate OU. 
D. Create a service control policy (SCP) to deny creating instances when a tag key is not specified. 
Create another SCP that prevents identities from deleting tags. Attach the SCPs to the appropriate 
OU. 
E. Create an AWS Config rule to check if EC2 instances use the data sensitivity tag and the specified 
values. Configure an AWS Lambda function to delete the resource if a noncompliant resource is 
found. 
 
Answer: AD 
 
 
QUESTION 1088 
A company runs database workloads on AWS that are the backend for the company's customer 
portals. The company runs a Multi-AZ database cluster on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. 
 
The company needs to implement a 30-day backup retention policy. The company currently has 
both automated RDS backups and manual RDS backups. The company wants to maintain both 
types of existing RDS backups that are less than 30 days old. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure the RDS backup retention policy to 30 days for automated backups by using AWS 
Backup. Manually delete manual backups that are older than 30 days. 
B. Disable RDS automated backups. Delete automated backups and manual backups that are older 
than 30 days. Configure the RDS backup retention policy to 30 days for automated backups. 
C. Configure the RDS backup retention policy to 30 days for automated backups. Manually delete 
manual backups that are older than 30 days. 
D. Disable RDS automated backups. Delete automated backups and manual backups that are older 
than 30 days automatically by using AWS CloudFormation. Configure the RDS backup retention 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
499 
policy to 30 days for automated backups. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1089 
A company is planning to migrate a legacy application to AWS. The application currently uses 
NFS to communicate to an on-premises storage solution to store application data. The application 
cannot be modified to use any other communication protocols other than NFS for this purpose. 
 
Which storage solution should a solutions architect recommend for use after the migration? 
 
A. AWS DataSync 
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) 
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) 
D. Amazon EMR File System (Amazon EMRFS) 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1090 
A company uses GPS trackers to document the migration patterns of thousands of sea turtles. 
The trackers check every 5 minutes to see if a turtle has moved more than 100 yards (91.4 
meters). If a turtle has moved, its tracker sends the new coordinates to a web application running 
on three Amazon EC2 instances that are in multiple Availability Zones in one AWS Region. 
 
Recently, the web application was overwhelmed while processing an unexpected volume of 
tracker data. Data was lost with no way to replay the events. A solutions architect must prevent 
this problem from happening again and needs a solution with the least operational overhead. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the data. Configure the application to scan for new data in 
the bucket for processing. 
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint to handle transmitted location coordinates. Use an AWS 
Lambda function to process each item concurrently. 
C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue to store the incoming data. 
Configure the application to poll for new messages for processing. 
D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table to store transmitted location coordinates. Configure the 
application to query the table for new data for processing. Use TTL to remove data that has been 
processed. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1091 
A company's software development team needs an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ cluster. The RDS 
cluster will serve as a backend for a desktop client that is deployed on premises. The desktop 
client requires direct connectivity to the RDS cluster. 
 
The company must give the development team the ability to connect to the cluster by using the 
client when the team is in the office. 
 
Which solution provides the required connectivity MOST securely? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
500 
 
A. Create a VPC and two public subnets. Create the RDS cluster in the public subnets. Use AWS 
Site-to-Site VPN with a customer gateway in the company's office. 
B. Create a VPC and two private subnets. Create the RDS cluster in the private subnets. Use AWS 
Site-to-Site VPN with a customer gateway in the company's office. 
C. Create a VPC and two private subnets. Create the RDS cluster in the private subnets. Use RDS 
security groups to allow the company's office IP ranges to access the cluster. 
D. Create a VPC and two public subnets. Create the RDS cluster in the public subnets. Create a 
cluster user for each developer. Use RDS security groups to allow the users to access the cluster. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1092 
A solutions architect is creating an application that will handle batch processing of large amounts 
of data. The input data will be held in Amazon S3 and the output data will be stored in a different 
S3 bucket. For processing, the application will transfer the data over the network between 
multiple Amazon EC2 instances. 
 
What should the solutions architect do to reduce the overall data transfer costs? 
 
A. Place all the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. 
B. Place all the EC2 instances in the same AWS Region. 
C. Place all the EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone. 
D. Place all the EC2 instances in private subnets in multiple Availability Zones. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1093 
A company hosts a multi-tier web application that uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL DB cluster for 
storage. The application tier is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances. The company's IT security 
guidelines mandate that the database credentials be encrypted and rotated every 14 days. 
 
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement with the LEAST operational effort? 
 
A. Create a new AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key. Use AWS Secrets 
Manager to create a new secret that uses the KMS key with the appropriate credentials. Associate 
the secret with the Aurora DB cluster. Configure a custom rotation period of 14 days. 
B. Create two parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store: one for the user name as a 
string parameter and one that uses the SecureString type for the password. Select AWS Key 
Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption for the password parameter, and load these 
parameters in the application tier. Implement an AWS Lambda function that rotates the password 
every 14 days. 
C. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
encrypted Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system in all 
EC2 instances of the application tier. Restrict the access to the file on the file system so that the 
application can read the file and that only super users can modify the file. Implement an AWS 
Lambda function that rotates the key in Aurora every 14 days and writes new credentials into the 
file. 
D. Store a file that contains the credentials in an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) 
encrypted Amazon S3 bucket that the application uses to load the credentials. Download the file to 
the application regularly to ensure that the correct credentials are used. Implement an AWS 
Lambda function that rotates the Aurora credentials every 14 days and uploads these credentials 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
501 
to the file in the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1094 
A streaming media company is rebuilding its infrastructure to accommodate increasing demand 
for video content that users consume daily. 
 
The company needs to process terabyte-sized videos to block some content in the videos. Video 
processing can take up to 20 minutes. 
 
The company needs a solution that will scale with demand and remain cost-effective. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use AWS Lambda functions to process videos. Store video metadata in Amazon DynamoDB. 
Store video content in Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering. 
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) and AWS Fargate to implement 
microservices to process videos. Store video metadata in Amazon Aurora. Store video content in 
Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering. 
C. Use Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) 
to process videos. Store video content in Amazon S3 Standard. Use Amazon Simple Queue 
Service (Amazon SQS) for queuing and to decouple processing tasks. 
D. Deploy a containerized video processing application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service 
(Amazon EKS) on Amazon EC2. Store video metadata in Amazon RDS in a single Availability 
Zone. Store video content in Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1095 
A company runs an on-premises application on a Kubernetes cluster. The company recently 
added millions of new customers. The company's existing on-premises infrastructure is unable to 
handle the large number of new customers. The company needs to migrate the on-premises 
application to the AWS Cloud. 
 
The company will migrate to an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster. The 
company does not want to manage the underlying compute infrastructure for the new architecture 
on AWS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use a self-managed node to supply compute capacity. Deploy the application to the new EKS 
cluster. 
B. Use managed node groups to supply compute capacity. Deploy the application to the new EKS 
cluster. 
C. Use AWS Fargate to supply compute capacity. Create a Fargate profile. Use the Fargate profile to 
deploy the application. 
D. Use managed node groups with Karpenter to supply compute capacity. Deploy the application to 
the new EKS cluster. 
 
Answer: C 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
502 
 
QUESTION 1096 
A company is launching a new application that requires a structured database to store user 
profiles, application settings, and transactional data. The database must be scalable with 
application traffic and must offer backups. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Deploy a self-managed database on Amazon EC2 instances by using open source software. Use 
Spot Instances for cost optimization. Configure automated backups to Amazon S3. 
B. Use Amazon RDS. Use on-demand capacity mode for the database with General Purpose SSD 
storage. Configure automatic backups with a retention period of 7 days. 
C. Use Amazon Aurora Serverless for the database. Use serverless capacity scaling. Configure 
automated backups to Amazon S3. 
D. Deploy a self-managed NoSQL database on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Reserved Instances for 
cost optimization. Configure automated backups directly to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1097 
A company runs its legacy web application on AWS. The web application server runs on an 
Amazon EC2 instance in the public subnet of a VPC. The web application server collects images 
from customers and stores the image files in a locally attached Amazon Elastic Block Store 
(Amazon EBS) volume. The image files are uploaded every night to an Amazon S3 bucket for 
backup. 
 
A solutions architect discovers that the image files are being uploaded to Amazon S3 through the 
public endpoint. The solutions architect needs to ensure that traffic to Amazon S3 does not use 
the public endpoint. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for the S3 bucket that has the necessary permissions for the 
VPC. Configure the subnet route table to use the gateway VPC endpoint. 
B. Move the S3 bucket inside the VPC. Configure the subnet route table to access the S3 bucket 
through private IP addresses. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 access point for the Amazon EC2 instance inside the VPConfigure the web 
application to upload by using the Amazon S3 access point. 
D. Configure an AWS Direct Connect connection between the VPC that has the Amazon EC2 
instance and Amazon S3 to provide a dedicated network path. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1098 
A company is creating a prototype of an ecommerce website on AWS. The website consists of an 
Application Load Balancer, an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances for web servers, and 
an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance that runs with the Single-AZ configuration. 
 
The website is slow to respond during searches of the product catalog. The product catalog is a 
group of tables in the MySQL database that the company does not update frequently. A solutions 
architect has determined that the CPU utilization on the DB instance is high when product catalog 
searches occur. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
503 
What should the solutions architect recommend to improve the performance of the website during 
searches of the product catalog? 
 
A. Migrate the product catalog to an Amazon Redshift database. Use the COPY command to load the 
product catalog tables. 
B. Implement an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to cache the product catalog. Use lazy 
loading to populate the cache. 
C. Add an additional scaling policy to the Auto Scaling group to launch additional EC2 instances 
when database response is slow. 
D. Turn on the Multi-AZ configuration for the DB instance. Configure the EC2 instances to throttle the 
product catalog queries that are sent to the database. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1099 
A company currently stores 5 TB of data in on-premises block storage systems. The company's 
current storage solution provides limited space for additional data. The company runs 
applications on premises that must be able to retrieve frequently accessed data with low latency. 
The company requires a cloud-based storage solution. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency? 
 
A. Use Amazon S3 File Gateway. Integrate S3 File Gateway with the on-premises applications to 
store and directly retrieve files by using the SMB file system. 
B. Use an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway with cached volumes as iSCSI targets. 
C. Use an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway with stored volumes as iSCSI targets. 
D. Use an AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway. Integrate Tape Gateway with the on-premises 
applications to store virtual tapes in Amazon S3. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1100 
A company operates a food delivery service. Because of recent growth, the company's order 
processing system is experiencing scaling problems during peak traffic hours. The current 
architecture includes Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group that collect orders from an 
application. A second group of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group fulfills the orders. 
 
The order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. 
Data must not be lost because of a scaling event. 
 
A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment 
process can both scale adequately during peak traffic hours. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the CPUUtilization metric for each instance in both Auto 
Scaling groups. Configure each Auto Scaling group's minimum capacity to meet its peak workload 
value. 
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the CPUUtilization metric for each instance in both Auto 
Scaling groups. Configure a CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service 
(Amazon SNS) topic to create additional Auto Scaling groups on demand. 
C. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues. Use one SQS queue for 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
504 
order collection. Use the second SQS queue for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to 
poll their respective queues. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on notifications that the queues 
send. 
D. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues. Use one SQS queue for 
order collection. Use the second SQS queue for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to 
poll their respective queues. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on the number of messages in 
each queue. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1101 
An online gaming company is transitioning user data storage to Amazon DynamoDB to support 
the company's growing user base. The current architecture includes DynamoDB tables that 
contain user profiles, achievements, and in-game transactions. 
 
The company needs to design a robust, continuously available, and resilient DynamoDB 
architecture to maintain a seamless gaming experience for users. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create DynamoDB tables in a single AWS Region. Use on-demand capacity mode. Use global 
tables to replicate data across multiple Regions. 
B. Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to cache frequently accessed data. Deploy tables in a single 
AWS Region and enable auto scaling. Configure Cross-Region Replication manually to additional 
Regions. 
C. Create DynamoDB tables in multiple AWS Regions. Use on-demand capacity mode. Use 
DynamoDB Streams for Cross-Region Replication between Regions. 
D. Use DynamoDB global tables for automatic multi-Region replication. Deploy tables in multiple 
AWS Regions. Use provisioned capacity mode. Enable auto scaling. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1102 
A company runs its media rendering application on premises. The company wants to reduce 
storage costs and has moved all data to Amazon S3. The on-premises rendering application 
needs low-latency access to storage. 
 
The company needs to design a storage solution for the application. The storage solution must 
maintain the desired application performance. 
 
Which storage solution will meet these requirements in the MOST cost-effective way? 
 
A. Use Mountpoint for Amazon S3 to access the data in Amazon S3 for the on-premises application. 
B. Configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway to provide storage for the on-premises application. 
C. Copy the data from Amazon S3 to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Configure an Amazon 
FSx File Gateway to provide storage for the on-premises application. 
D. Configure an on-premises file server. Use the Amazon S3 API to connect to S3 storage. Configure 
the application to access the storage from the on-premises file server. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
505 
QUESTION 1103 
A company hosts its enterprise resource planning (ERP) system in the us-east-1 Region. The 
system runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Customers use a public API that is hosted on the EC2 
instances to exchange information with the ERP system. International customers report slow API 
response times from their data centers. 
 
Which solution will improve response times for the international customers MOST cost-
effectively? 
 
A. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection that has a public virtual interface (VIF) to provide 
connectivity from each customer's data center to us-east-1. Route customer API requests by using 
a Direct Connect gateway to the ERP system API. 
B. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the API. Configure the CachingOptimized 
managed cache policy to provide improved cache efficiency. 
C. Set up AWS Global Accelerator. Configure listeners for the necessary ports. Configure endpoint 
groups for the appropriate Regions to distribute traffic. Create an endpoint in the group for the API. 
D. Use AWS Site-to-Site VPN to establish dedicated VPN tunnels between Regions and customer 
networks. Route traffic to the API over the VPN connections. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1104 
A company tracks customer satisfaction by using surveys that the company hosts on its website. 
The surveys sometimes reach thousands of customers every hour. Survey results are currently 
sent in email messages to the company so company employees can manually review results and 
assess customer sentiment. 
 
The company wants to automate the customer survey process. Survey results must be available 
for the previous 12 months. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST scalable way? 
 
A. Send the survey results data to an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that is connected to an Amazon 
Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Create an AWS Lambda function to poll the SQS 
queue, call Amazon Comprehend for sentiment analysis, and save the results to an Amazon 
DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future. 
B. Send the survey results data to an API that is running on an Amazon EC2 instance. Configure the 
API to store the survey results as a new record in an Amazon DynamoDB table, call Amazon 
Comprehend for sentiment analysis, and save the results in a second DynamoDB table. Set the 
TTL for all records to 365 days in the future. 
C. Write the survey results data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an 
AWS Lambda function to read the data and call Amazon Rekognition for sentiment analysis. Store 
the sentiment analysis results in a second S3 bucket. Use S3 lifecycle policies on each bucket to 
expire objects after 365 days. 
D. Send the survey results data to an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that is connected to an Amazon 
Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure the SQS queue to invoke an AWS 
Lambda function that calls Amazon Lex for sentiment analysis and saves the results to an Amazon 
DynamoDB table. Set the TTL for all records to 365 days in the future. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1105 
A company uses AWS Systems Manager for routine management and patching of Amazon EC2 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
506 
instances. The EC2 instances are in an IP address type target group behind an Application Load 
Balancer (ALB). 
 
New security protocols require the company to remove EC2 instances from service during a 
patch. When the company attempts to follow the security protocol during the next patch, the 
company receives errors during the patching window. 
 
Which combination of solutions will resolve the errors? (Choose two.) 
 
A. Change the target type of the target group from IP address type to instance type. 
B. Continue to use the existing Systems Manager document without changes because it is already 
optimized to handle instances that are in an IP address type target group behind an ALB. 
C. Implement the AWSEC2-PatchLoadBalanacerInstance Systems Manager Automation document to 
manage the patching process. 
D. Use Systems Manager Maintenance Windows to automatically remove the instances from service 
to patch the instances. 
E. Configure Systems Manager State Manager to remove the instances from service and manage the 
patching schedule. Use ALB health checks to re-route traffic. 
 
Answer: CD 
 
 
QUESTION 1106 
A medical company wants to perform transformations on a large amount of clinical trial data that 
comes from several customers. The company must extract the data from a relational database 
that contains the customer data. Then the company will transform the data by using a series of 
complex rules. The company will load the data to Amazon S3 when the transformations are 
complete. 
 
All data must be encrypted where it is processed before the company stores the data in Amazon 
S3. All data must be encrypted by using customer-specific keys. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational effort? 
 
A. Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses 
server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) to encrypt the data. 
B. Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster 
that uses client-side encryption with a custom client-side root key (CSE-Custom) to encrypt the 
data. 
C. Create one AWS Glue job for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each job that uses 
client-side encryption with AWS KMS managed keys (CSE-KMS) to encrypt the data. 
D. Create one Amazon EMR cluster for each customer. Attach a security configuration to each cluster 
that uses server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) to encrypt the data. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1107 
A company hosts a website analytics application on a single Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instance. 
The analytics application is highly resilient and is designed to run in stateless mode. 
 
The company notices that the application is showing signs of performance degradation during 
busy times and is presenting 5xx errors. The company needs to make the application scale 
seamlessly. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
507 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second 
EC2 On-Demand Instance. Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the load across the two 
EC2 instances. 
B. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Use the AMI to launch a second 
EC2 On-Demand Instance. Use Amazon Route 53 weighted routing to distribute the load across 
the two EC2 instances. 
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to stop the EC2 instance and change the instance type. Create 
an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to invoke the Lambda function when CPU utilization is more than 
75%. 
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the web application. Apply the AMI to a launch 
template. Create an Auto Scaling group that includes the launch template. Configure the launch 
template to use a Spot Fleet. Attach an Application Load Balancer to the Auto Scaling group. 
 
Answer: D 
 
 
QUESTION 1108 
A company runs an environment where data is stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. The objects are 
accessed frequently throughout the day. The company has strict da ta encryption requirements 
for data that is stored in the S3 bucket. The company currently uses AWS Key Management 
Service (AWS KMS) for encryption. 
 
The company wants to optimize costs associated with encrypting S3 objects without making 
additional calls to AWS KMS. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3). 
B. Use an S3 Bucket Key for server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS) on the new 
objects. 
C. Use client-side encryption with AWS KMS customer managed keys. 
D. Use server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C) stored in AWS KMS. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1109 
A company runs multiple workloads on virtual machines (VMs) in an on-premises data center. 
The company is expanding rapidly. The on-premises data center is not able to scale fast enough 
to meet business needs. The company wants to migrate the workloads to AWS. 
 
The migration is time sensitive. The company wants to use a lift-and-shift strategy for non-critical 
workloads. 
 
Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose three.) 
 
A. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to collect data about the VMs. 
B. Use AWS Application Migration Service. Install the AWS Replication Agent on the VMs. 
C. Complete the initial replication of the VMs. Launch test instances to perform acceptance tests on 
the VMs. 
D. Stop all operations on the VMs. Launch a cutover instance. 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
508 
E. Use AWS App2Container (A2C) to collect data about the VMs. 
F. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the VMs. 
 
Answer: BCD 
 
 
QUESTION 1110 
A company hosts an application in a private subnet. The company has already integrated the 
application with Amazon Cognito. The company uses an Amazon Cognito user pool to 
authenticate users. 
 
The company needs to modify the application so the application can securely store user 
documents in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
 
Which combination of steps will securely integrate Amazon S3 with the application? (Choose 
two.) 
 
A. Create an Amazon Cognito identity pool to generate secure Amazon S3 access tokens for users 
when they successfully log in. 
B. Use the existing Amazon Cognito user pool to generate Amazon S3 access tokens for users when 
they successfully log in. 
C. Create an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint in the same VPC where the company hosts the application. 
D. Create a NAT gateway in the VPC where the company hosts the application. Assign a policy to the 
S3 bucket to deny any request that is not initiated from Amazon Cognito. 
E. Attach a policy to the S3 bucket that allows access only from the users' IP addresses. 
 
Answer: AC 
 
 
QUESTION 1111 
A company has a three-tier web application that processes orders from customers. The web tier 
consists of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The processing tier 
consists of EC2 instances. The company decoupled the web tier and processing tier by using 
Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). The storage layer uses Amazon DynamoDB. 
 
At peak times, some users report order processing delays and halls. The company has noticed 
that during these delays, the EC2 instances are running at 100% CPU usage, and the SQS 
queue fills up. The peak times are variable and unpredictable. 
 
The company needs to improve the performance of the application. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 
A. Use scheduled scaling for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale out the processing tier instances for 
the duration of peak usage times. Use the CPU Utilization metric to determine when to scale. 
B. Use Amazon ElastiCache for Redis in front of the DynamoDB backend tier. Use target utilization 
as a metric to determine when to scale. 
C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution to cache the responses for the web tier. Use HTTP latency 
as a metric to determine when to scale. 
D. Use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling target tracking policy to scale out the processing tier instances. 
Use the ApproximateNumberOfMessages attribute to determine when to scale. 
 
Answer: D 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
509 
 
QUESTION 1112 
A company's production environment consists of Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances that run 
constantly between Monday and Saturday. The instances must run for only 12 hours on Sunday 
and cannot tolerate interruptions. The company wants to cost-optimize the production 
environment. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Purchase Scheduled Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on 
Sunday. Purchase Standard Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly 
between Monday and Saturday. 
B. Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on 
Sunday. Purchase Standard Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly 
between Monday and Saturday. 
C. Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase 
Standard Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and 
Saturday. 
D. Use Spot Instances for the EC2 instances that run for only 12 hours on Sunday. Purchase 
Convertible Reserved Instances for the EC2 instances that run constantly between Monday and 
Saturday. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1113 
A digital image processing company wants to migrate its on-premises monolithic application to 
the AWS Cloud. The company processes thousands of images and generates large files as part 
of the processing workflow. 
 
The company needs a solution to manage the growing number of image processing jobs. The 
solution must also reduce the manual tasks in the image processing workflow. The company 
does not want to manage the underlying infrastructure of the solution. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to 
process the images. Configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to orchestrate the 
workflow. Store the processed files in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). 
B. Use AWS Batch jobs to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to orchestrate the workflow. 
Store the processed files in an Amazon S3 bucket. 
C. Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to process the images. Store the 
processed files in Amazon FSx. 
D. Deploy a group of Amazon EC2 instances to process the images. Use AWS Step Functions to 
orchestrate the workflow. Store the processed files in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon 
EBS) volume. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1114 
A company's image-hosting website gives users around the world the ability to up load, view, and 
download images from their mobile devices. The company currently hosts the static website in an 
Amazon S3 bucket. 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
510 
Because of the website's growing popularity, the website's performance has decreased. Users 
have reported latency issues when they upload and download images. 
 
The company must improve the performance of the website. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort? 
 
A. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the S3 bucket to improve the download 
performance. Enable S3 Transfer Acceleration to improve the upload performance. 
B. Configure Amazon EC2 instances of the right sizes in multiple AWS Regions. Migrate the 
application to the EC2 instances. Use an Application Load Balancer to distribute the website traffic 
equally among the EC2 instances. Configure AWS Global Accelerator to address global demand 
with low latency. 
C. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the S3 bucket as an origin to improve the 
download performance. Configure the application to use CloudFront to upload images to improve 
the upload performance. Create S3 buckets in multiple AWS Regions. Configure replication rules 
for the buckets to replicate users' data based on the users' location. Redirect downloads to the S3 
bucket that is closest to each user's location. 
D. Configure AWS Global Accelerator for the S3 bucket to improve network performance. Create an 
endpoint for the application to use Global Accelerator instead of the S3 bucket. 
 
Answer: A 
 
 
QUESTION 1115 
A company runs an application in a private subnet behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in 
a VPC. The VPC has a NAT gateway and an internet gateway. The application calls the Amazon 
S3 API to store objects. 
 
According to the company's security policy, traffic from the application must not travel across the 
internet. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? 
 
A. Configure an S3 interface endpoint. Create a security group that allows outbound traffic to Amazon 
S3. 
B. Configure an S3 gateway endpoint. Update the VPC route table to use the endpoint. 
C. Configure an S3 bucket policy to allow traffic from the Elastic IP address that is assigned to the 
NAT gateway. 
D. Create a second NAT gateway in the same subnet where the legacy application is deployed. 
Update the VPC route table to use the second NAT gateway. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
QUESTION 1116 
A company has an application that runs on an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon 
EKS) cluster on Amazon EC2 instances. The application has a UI that uses Amazon DynamoDB 
and data services that use Amazon S3 as part of the application deployment. 
 
The company must ensure that the EKS Pods for the UI can access only Amazon DynamoDB 
and that the EKS Pods for the data services can access only Amazon S3. The company uses 
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). 
 
Which solution meals these requirements? 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
511 
 
A. Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required 
permissions. Attach both IAM policies to the EC2 instance profile. Use role-based access control 
(RBAC) to control access to Amazon S3 or DynamoDB for the respective EKS Pods. 
B. Create separate IAM policies for Amazon S3 and DynamoDB access with the required 
permissions. Attach the Amazon S3 IAM policy directly to the EKS Pods for the data services and 
the DynamoDB policy to the EKS Pods for the UI. 
C. Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. 
Attach the AmazonS3FullAccess policy to the data services account and the 
AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess policy to the UI service account. 
D. Create separate Kubernetes service accounts for the UI and data services to assume an IAM role. 
Use IAM Role for Service Accounts (IRSA) to provide access to the EKS Pods for the UI to 
Amazon S3 and the EKS Pods for the data services to DynamoDB. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1117 
A company needs to give a globally distributed development team secure access to the 
company's AWS resources in a way that complies with security policies. 
 
The company currently uses an on-premises Active Directory for internal authentication. The 
company uses AWS Organizations to manage multiple AWS accounts that support multiple 
projects. 
 
The company needs a solution to integrate with the existing infrastructure to provide centralized 
identity management and access control. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead? 
 
A. Set up AWS Directory Service to create an AWS managed Microsoft Active Directory on AWS. 
Establish a trust relationship with the on-premises Active Directory. Use IAM rotes that are 
assigned to Active Directory groups to access AWS resources within the company's AWS 
accounts. 
B. Create an IAM user for each developer. Manually manage permissions for each IAM user based 
on each user's involvement with each project. Enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) as an 
additional layer of security. 
C. Use AD Connector in AWS Directory Service to connect to the on-premises Active Directory. 
Integrate AD Connector with AWS IAM Identity Center. Configure permissions sets to give each 
AD group access to specific AWS accounts and resources. 
D. Use Amazon Cognito to deploy an identity federation solution. Integrate the identity federation 
solution with the on-premises Active Directory. Use Amazon Cognito to provide access tokens for 
developers to access AWS accounts and resources. 
 
Answer: C 
 
 
QUESTION 1118 
A company is developing an application in the AWS Cloud. The application's HTTP API contains 
critical information that is published in Amazon API Gateway. The critical information must be 
accessible from only a limited set of trusted IP addresses that belong to the company's internal 
network. 
 
Which solution will meet these requirements? 
 

 
                                                                                
Get Latest & Actual SAA-C03 Exam's Question and Answers from Passleader.                                 
https://www.passleader.com  
512 
A. Set up an API Gateway private integration to restrict access to a predefined set of IP addresses. 
B. Create a resource policy for the API that denies access to any IP address that is not specifically 
allowed. 
C. Directly deploy the API in a private subnet. Create a network ACL. Set up rules to allow the traffic 
from specific IP addresses. 
D. Modify the security group that is attached to API Gateway to allow inbound traffic from only the 
trusted IP addresses. 
 
Answer: B 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

